abase v.降低，贬低 lower; humiliate. Defeated, Queen Zenobia was forced to abase herself before the conquering Romans, who made her march in chains before the emperor in the procession celebrating his triumph, abasement, N.

abash v.使尴尬，使羞愧 embarrass. He was not at all abashed by her open admiration.

• abate v.减少，减弱 subside; decrease, lessen. Rather than leaving immediately, they waited for the storm to abate, abatement, n.

abbreviate v.缩短 shorten. Because we were running out of time, the lecturer had to abbreviate her speech.

abdicate v.(正式)放弃 renounce; give up. When Edward VIII abdicated the British throne to marry the woman he loved, he surprised the entire world.

abduction n.绑架 kidnapping. The movie Ransom describes the attempts to rescue a multimillionaire's son after the child’s abduction by kidnappers, abduct, v.

aberrant adj.异常的，脱轨的 abnormal or deviant. Given the aberrant nature of the data, we doubted the validity of the entire experiment, also n.

abet v.教唆，煽动 aid, usually in doing something wrong; encourage. She was unwilling to abet him in the swindle he had planned.

abeyance n.暂时无效，中止，搁置 suspended action. The deal was held in abeyance until her arrival.

abhor v.憎恶，痛，恨 detest; hate. She abhorred all forms of bigotry, abhorrence, n.

abject adj.可怜的；卑贱的 wretched; lacking pride. On the streets of New York the homeless live in abject poverty, huddling in doorways to find shelter from the wind.

abjure v.发誓放弃，公开放弃 renounce upon oath. He abjured his allegiance to the king, abjuration, n.

ablution n.清洗，洗礼 washing. His daily ablutions were accompanied by loud noises that he humorously labeled "Opera in the Bath."

abnegation n.否认,自我克制 repudiation; self-sacrifice. Though Rudolph and Duchess Flavia loved one another, their love was doomed, for she had to marry the king; their act of abnegation was necessary to preserve the kingdom.

abolish v.取消，废止 cancel; put an end to. The president of the college refused to abolish the physical education requirement, abolition, n.

abominable adj.讨厌的，令人憎恶的，极坏的detestable; extremely unpleasant; very bad. Mary liked John until she learned he was dating Susan; then she called him an abominable young man, with abominable taste in women.

aboriginal adj.;n. 土著的，原始的；土著居民 being the first of its kind in a region; primitive; native. Her studies of the primitive art forms of the aboriginal Indians were widely reported in the scientific journals, aborigines, n.

abortive adj.失败的；夭折的 unsuccessful; fruitless. Attacked by armed troops, they had to abandon their
abortive attempt to democratize the city peacefully, abort, v. abrade v.磨损，磨蚀 wear away by friction; scrape; erode. Because the sharp rocks had abraded the skin on her legs, she dabbed iodine on the scrapes and abrasions.

abrasive adj.磨损的；生硬粗暴的 rubbing away; tending to grind down. Just as abrasive cleaning powders can wear away a shiny finish, abrasive remarks can wear away a listener's patience, abrade, v.

■	abridge v.删节，削减，精简 condense or shorten. Because the publishers felt the public wanted a shorter version of War and Peace, they proceeded to abridge the novel.

abrogate v.废除，撤销 abolish. He intended to abrogate the decree issued by his predecessor.

abscond v.潜逃 depart secretly and hide. The teller who absconded with the bonds went uncaptured until someone recognized him from his photograph on "America’s Most Wanted."

absolute adj.完全的，无限制的，绝对的complete; totally unlimited; certain. Although the King of Siam was an absolute monarch, he did not want to behead his unfaithful wife without absolute evidence of her infidelity, absolve v.赦免 pardon (an offense). The father confessor absolved him of his sins, absolution, n.

absorb v.同化；吸人,使全神贯注 assimilate or incorporate; suck or drink up; wholly engage. During the nineteenth century, America absorbed hordes of immigrants, turning them into productive citizens. Can Huggies diapers absorb more liquid than Pampers can? This question does not absorb me; instead, it bores me. absorption, n. abstain v.自制，禁绝 refrain; hold oneself back voluntarily from an action or practice. After considering the effect of alcohol on his athletic performance, he decided to abstain from drinking while he trained for the race, abstinence, n.

■	abstemious adj.有节制的，适度的 sparing in eating and drinking; temperate. Concerned whether her vegetarian son's abstemious diet provided him with sufficient protein, the worried mother pressed food on him.

abstinence n.节制，禁食，戒酒 restraint from eating or drinking. The doctor recommended total abstinence from salted foods, abstain, v.

■	abstract adj.抽象的，理论的 theoretical; not concrete; nonrepresentational. To him, hunger was an abstract concept; he had never missed a meal.

■	abstruse adj.难以理解的，深奥的 obscure; profound; difficult to understand. Baffled by the abstruse philosophical texts assigned in class, Dave asked Lexy to explain Kant's Critique of Pure Ff&ason.

abundant adj.丰富的，充裕的 plentiful; possessing riches or resources. At his immigration interview, Ivan listed his abundant reasons for coming to America: the hope of religious freedom, the prospect of employment, the promise of a more abundant life.

abusive ad丄辱骂的，虐待的 coarsely insulting; physically harmful. An abusive parent damages a child both mentally
and physically.

abut v.邻接，ffl比令P border upon; adjoin. Where our estates abut, we must build a fence.

abysmal adj.深不可测的，无底的 bottomless. His arrogance is exceeded only by his abysmal ignorance.

abyss n.深渊 enormous chasm; vast bottomless pit. Darth Vader seized the evil emperor and hurled him down into the abyss.

academic adj.学院的，学术的，理论的related to a school; not practical or directly useful. The dean’s talk about reforming the college admissions system was only an academic discussion: we knew little, if anything, would change.

accede v.同意 agree. If I accede to this demand for blackmail, I am afraid that I will be the victim of future demands.

accelerate v.加速 move faster. In our science class, we learn how falling bodies accelerate.

accentuate v.强调，重读 emphasize; stress. If you accentuate the positive and eliminate the negative, you may wind up with an ov㊀「optimistic view of the world.

■	accessible adj.易接近的，易得到的 easy to approach; obtainable. We asked our guide whether the ruins were accessible on foot.

accessory n.附件 additional object; useful but not essential thing. She bought an attractive handbag as an accessory for her dress, also adj.

■	acclaim v.喝彩，称赞 applaud; announce with great approval. The NBC sportscasters acclaimed every American victory in the Olympics and decried every American defeat, also n.

acclimate v.使适应新环境，使服水土 adjust to climate. One of the difficulties of our present air age is the need of travelers to acclimate themselves to their new and often strange environments.

acclivity n.向上的陡坡 sharp upslope of a hill. The car would not go up the acclivity in high gear.

• accolade n.荣誉 award of merit. In Hollywood, an "Oscar" is the highest accolade.

accommodate v.帮助，调节，使适应 oblige or help someone; adjust or bring into harmony; adapt. Mitch always did everything possible to accommodate his elderly relatives, from driving them to medical appointments to helping them with paperwork, (secondary meaning)

accomplice n.同谋者，帮凶 partner in crime. Because he had provided the criminal with the lethal weapon, he was arrested as an accomplice in the murder.

accord n. 一致，符合 agreement. She was in complete accord with the verdict.

accost v.搭汕 approach and speak first to a person. When the two young men accosted me, I was frightened because I thought they were going to attack me.

accoutre v.装| equip. The fisherman was accoutred with the best that the sporting goods store could supply, accoutrements, N.

accretion n.增长 growth; increase. Over the years, Bob put on weight; because of this accretion of flesh, he went from size M to size XXL.	.

accrue v.自然增加 come about by addition. You must pay the interest that has accrued on your debt as well as the principal sum. accrual, n.

acerbity n.尖酸，刻薄 bitterness of speech and temper. The meeting of the United Nations General Assembly was marked with such acerbity that informed sources held out little hope of reaching any useful settlement of the problem, acerbic, adj.

acetic adj.醋的，乙酸的 vinegary. The salad had an exceedingly acetic flavor.

acidulous adj.有酸味的，尖刻的 slightly sour; sharp, caustic. James was unpopular because of his sarcastic and acidulous remarks.

■ acknowledge v.承认 recognize; admit. Although Iris acknowledged that the Beatles' tunes sounded pretty dated nowadays, she still preferred them to the hip-hop songs her brothers played.

acme n.顶峰 top; pinnacle. His success in this role marked the acme of his career as an actor.

acoustics n.声学，音响效果 science of sound; quality that makes a room easy or hard to hear in. Carnegie Hall is liked by music lovers because of its fine acoustics.

•	acquiesce v.默许，默认 assent; agree without protesting. Although she appeared to acquiesce to her employer's suggestions, I could tell she had reservations about the changes he wanted made, acquiescence, n.; acquiescent, ADJ.

acquire v.获得 obtain; get. Frederick Douglass was determined to acquire an education despite his master's efforts to prevent his doing so.

acquittal n.宣判无罪 deliverance from a charge. His acquittal by the jury surprised those who had thought him guilty, acquit, v.

•	acrid adj.尖刻的，辛辣的 sharp; bitterly pungent. The acrid odor of burnt gunpowder filled the room after the pistol had been fired.

•	acrimonious adj.(言词、态度等）尖刻的 bitter in words or manner. The candidate attacked his opponent in highly acrimonious terms, acrimony, n.

acrophobia n.恐高症 fear of heights. A born salesman, he could convince someone with a bad case of acrophobia to sign up for a life membership in a sky-diving club.

actuarial adj.(保险）精算师的，（保险）精算的calculating; pertaining to insurance statistics. According to recent actuarial tables, life expectancy is greater today than it was a century ago.

actuate v.激励，促使 motivate. I fail to understand what actuated you to reply to this letter so nastily.

acuity n.尖锐，敏锐 sharpness. In time his youthful acuity of vision failed him, and he needed glasses.

acumen n.每文锐，耳g明 mental keenness. His business

acumen helped him to succeed where others had failed.

acute adj.敏锐的，急性的，剧烈的 quickly perceptive; keen; brief and severe. The acute young doctor realized immediately that the gradual deterioration of her patient's once acute hearing was due to a chronic illness, not an acute one.

adage n.格言，谤语 wise saying; proverb. There is much truth in the old adage about fools and their money.

adamant adj.坚硬的；不屈不挠的 hard; inflexible. Bronson played the part of a revenge-driven man, adamant in his determination to punish the criminals who destroyed his family, adamancy, n.

adapt v.使适应，顺应 alter; modify. Some species of animals have become extinct because they could not adapt to a changing environment.

addendum n.附录，补遗 an addition or supplement. As an addendum to the minutes, let me point out that Susan moved to appoint Kathy and Arthur to the finance committee.

addiction n.沉溺，上瘾 compulsive, habitual need. His addiction to drugs caused his friends much grief.

addle v.使糊涂；使腐坏 muddle; drive crazy; become rotten. This idiotic plan is confusing enough to addle anyone. addled, adj.

address v.对…发表演说；处理 direct a speech to; deal with or discuss. Due to address the convention in July, Brown planned to address the issue of low-income housing in his speech.

adept adj.熟练的，拿手的 expert at. She was adept at the fine art of irritating people, also n.

adhere v.黏附；竖持 stick fast. I will adhere to this opinion until proof that I am wrong is presented, adhesion, n.

adherent n.追随者，拥护者 supporter; follower. In the -wake of the scandal, the senator's one-time adherents
quickly deserted him.

adjacent adj.临近的，接近的 adjoining; neighboring; close by. Philip's best friend Jason lived only four houses down the block, close but not immediately adjacent.

adjunct n.附件，辅助物 something added on or attached (generally nonessential or inferior). Although I don't absolutely need a second computer, I plan to buy a laptop to serve as an adjunct to my desktop model.

admonish v.警告，训诫 warn; reprove. He admonished his listeners to change their wicked ways, admonition, n. admonition n.警告，告诫 warning. After the student protesters repeatedly rejected the dean’s admonitions, the administration issued an ultimatum: either the students would end the demonstration at once or the campus police would arrest the demonstrators.

adorn v.装饰 decorate. Wall paintings and carved statues adorned the temple, adornment, n.

adroit adj.熟练的，机敏的 skillful. His adroit handling of the delicate situation pleased his employers.
Word List 2 adulation-amend

■	adulation n.奉承，阿谀 flattery; admiration. The rock star thrived on the adulation of his groupies and yes men. adulate, v.

adulterate v.掺杂 make impure by adding inferior or tainted substances. It is a crime to adulterate foods without informing the buyer; when consumers learned that BeechNut had adulterated their apple juice by mixing it with water, they protested vigorously.

advent n.出现，至ij来 arrival. Most Americans were unaware of the advent of the Nuclear Age until the news of Hiroshima reached them.

adventitious adj.偶然的，夕卜来的 accidental; casual. He found this adventitious meeting with his friend extremely fortunate.

■	adversary n.敌手，对手 opponent. The young wrestler struggled to defeat his adversary.

adverse adj.不利的，敌对的 unfavorable; hostile. The recession had a highly adverse effect on Father's investment portfolio: he lost so much money that he could no longer afford the butler and the upstairs maid, adversity, n.

■	adversity n.贫穷，不幸 poverty; misfortune. We must learn to meet adversity gracefully.

advocacy n.支持，拥护 support; active pleading on something's behalf. No threats could dissuade Bishop Desmond Tutu from his advocacy of the human rights of black South Africans.

■	advocate v.提倡，鼓吹 urge; plead for. The abolitionists advocated freedom for the slaves, also n.

aerie n.猛禽的巢 nest of a large bird of prey (eagle, hawk). The mother eagle swooped down on the unwitting rabbit and bore it off to her aerie high in the Rocky Mountains.

■	aesthetic adj.艺术的；审美的 artistic; dealing with or capable of appreciation of the beautiful. The beauty of Tiffany's stained glass appealed to Esther's aesthetic sense, aesthete, n.

■	affable adj.和蔼的，亲切友善的 easily approachable;
warmly friendly. Accustomed to cold, aloof supervisors, Nicholas was amazed at how affable his new employer was.

affected adj.假装的，做作的 artificial; pretended; assumed in order to impress. His affected mannerisms―his "Harvard" accent, air of boredom, use of obscure foreign words—annoyed us: he acted as if he thought he was too good for his old high school friends, affectation, n. affidavit n.宣誓书 written statement made under oath. The court refused to accept his statement unless he presented it in the form of an affidavit.

affiliation n.联系，从属关系 joining; associating with. His affiliation with the political party was of short duration for he soon disagreed with his colleagues.

affinity n：密切关系 kinship. She felt an aff/n/Yy with all who suffered; their pains were her pains.

■ affirmation n.断言，肯定 positive assertion; confirmation; solemn pledge by one who refuses to take an oath. Despite Tom's affirmations of innocence, Aunt Polly still suspected he had eaten the pie.

affix v.使附于，黏贴 fasten; attach; add on. First the registrar had to affix her signature to the license; then she had to affix her official seal.

affliction n.痛苦，折磨 state of distress; cause of suffering. Even in the midst of her affliction, Elizabeth tried to keep up the spirits of those around her.

affluence n.富裕，富足 abundance; wealth. Foreigners are amazed by the affluence and luxury of the American way of life.

affront n.公开侮辱，冒犯 insult; offense; intentional act of disrespect. When Mrs. Proudie was not seated beside the Archdeacon at the head table, she took it as a personal affront and refused to speak to her hosts for a week, also v.

aftermath n.结果，后果 consequences; outcome; upshot. People around the world wondered what the aftermath of rebellion would be.

agenda n.议事日程 items of business at a meeting. We had so much difficulty agreeing upon an agenda that there

was very little time for the meeting.

agent n.媒介；代理人；执行官 means or instrument; personal representative; person acting in an official capacity. “I will be the agent of America’s destruction,” proclaimed the beady-eyed villain, whose agent had gotten him the role. With his face, he could never have played the part of the hero, a heroic F.B.I. agent.

agglomeration n.结块，成团 collection; heap. It took weeks to assort the agglomeration of miscellaneous items she had collected on her trip.

aggrandize v.增大，扩充 increase or intensify. The history of the past quarter century illustrates how a President may aggrandize his power to act aggressively in international affairs without considering the wishes of Congress.

• aggregate v.使聚集，禾口、聚 gather; accumulate. Before the Wall Street scandals, dealers in so-called junk bonds managed to aggregate great wealth in short periods of time, aggregation, n.

aggressor n.侵略者，攻击者 attacker. Before you punish both boys for fighting, see whether you can determine which one was the aggressor.

aghast adj.惊骇的，吓呆的 horrified. He was aghast at the nerve of the speaker who had insulted his host.

agility n.敏捷，灵活 nimbleness. The agility of the acrobat amazed and thrilled the audience.

agitate v.煽动，使不安 stir up; disturb. Her fiery remarks agitated the already angry mob.

agnostic n.不可知论者 one who is skeptical of the existence or knowability of a god or any ultimate reality. Agnostics say we can neither prove nor disprove the existence of god; we simply just can't know, also adj.

agrarian adj.有关土地的，耕地的 pertaining to land or its cultivation. Because its recent industrialization has transformed farmhands into factory workers, the country is gradually losing its agrarian traditions.

alacrity n.敏捷，轻快 cheerful promptness. Eager to get away to the mountains, Phil and Dave packed up their ski gear and climbed into the van with alacrity.

alchemy n.炼金术 medieval chemistry. The changing of baser metals into gold was the goal of the students of alchemy, alchemist, n.

alcove n.凹室，壁龛 nook; small, recessed section of a room. Though their apartment lacked a full-scale dining room, an alcove adjacent to the living room made an adequate breakfast nook for the young couple.

alias n.另ij名，化名 an assumed name. John Smith's alias was Bob Jones, also adv.

alienate v.离间，使孤立 make hostile; separate. Her attempts to alienate the two friends failed because they had complete faith in each other.

alimentary adj.提供营养的 supplying nourishment. The alimentary canal in our bodies is so named because digestion of foods occurs there. When asked for the name of the digestive tract, Sherlock Holmes replied, "Alimentary, my dear Watson."

alimony n.(离婚后的）赡养费，生活费payments made to an ex-spouse after divorce. Because Tony had supported Tina through medical school, on their divorce he asked the court to award him $500 a month in alimony.

allay v.减轻，使冷静 calm; pacify. The crew tried to allay the fears of the passengers by announcing that the fire had
been controlled.

allege v.宣称，断言 state without proof. Although it is alleged that she has worked for the enemy, she denies the allegation and, legally, we can take no action against her without proof, allegation, n.

allegiance n.忠贞，效忠 loyalty. Not even a term in prison could shake Lech Walesa's allegiance to Solidarity, the Polish trade union he had helped to found.

allegory n.寓言 story in which characters are used as symbols; fable. Pilgrim's Progress is an allegory of the temptations and victories of man's soul, allegorical, adj.

■	alleviate v.减轻 relieve. This should alleviate the pain; if it does not, we shall have to use stronger drugs, alliteration n.头韵 repetition of beginning sound in poetry. "The furrow followed free" is an example of alliteration. allocate v.分派，分配 assign. Even though the Red Cross had allocated a large sum for the relief of the sufferers of the disaster, many people perished.

alloy n.合金 a mixture as of metals. Alloys of gold are used more frequently than the pure metal.

alloy v.将…铸成合金，降级成色;使缓和mix； make less pure; lessen or moderate. Our delight at the Yankees' victory was alloyed by our concern for Dwight Gooden, who injured his pitching arm in the game.

allude v.暗指，间接提到 refer indirectly. Try not to mention divorce in Jack's presence because he will think you are alluding to his marital problems with Jill.

allure v.弓[诱，吸弓丨 entice; attract. Allured by the song of the sirens, the helmsman steered the ship toward the reef, also n.

allusion n.提及，暗示 indirect reference. When Amanda said to the ticket scalper, "One hundred bucks? What do you want, a pound of flesh?，" she was making an allusion to Shakespeare's Merchant of Venice.

aloft adv.在高处，在上 upward. The sailor climbed aloft into the rigging. To get into a loft bed, you have to climb aloft.

■	aloof adj.孤零的，冷漠的 apart; reserved. Shy by nature, she remained a/oof while all the rest conversed.

altercation n.激烈的争论，争吵 noisy quarrel; heated dispute. In that hot- tempered household, no meal ever came to a peaceful conclusion; the inevitable altercation might even end in blows.

■	altruistic adj.无私心的，利他的 unselfishly generous; concerned for others. In providing tutorial assistance and college scholarships for hundreds of economically disadvantaged youths, Eugene Lang performed a truly altruistic deed, altruism, n.

amalgamate v.合并，结合 combine; unite in one body. The unions will attempt to amalgamate their groups into one national body.

amass v.收集，积聚 collect. The miser's aim is to amass and hoard as much gold as possible.

ambidextrous adj.两手者瞎用的 capable of using either hand with equal ease. A switch-hitter in baseball should be naturally ambidextrous.

ambience n.周围环境，气氛 environment; atmosphere. She went to the restaurant not for the food but for the ambience.

■	ambiguous adj.暧昧的，含糊其辞的 unclear or doubtful in meaning. His ambiguous instructions misled us; we did

not know which road to take, ambiguity, n.

■ ambivalence n.矛盾情绪或态度 the state of having contradictory or conflicting emotional attitudes. Torn between loving her parents one minute and hating them the next; she was confused by the ambivalence of her feelings, ambivalent, adj.

amble n.缓行 moving at an easy pace. When she first mounted the horse, she was afraid to urge the animal to go faster than a gentle amble, also v.

ambulatory adj.能够走动的，不需卧床的able to walk; not bedridden. Juan was a highly ambulatory patient; not only did he refuse to be confined to bed, but he insisted on rid-
ing his skateboard up and down the halls.

ameliorate v.改善，改进 improve. Many social workers have attempted to ameliorate the conditions of people living in the slums.

amenable ad丄顺从的，服从启导的 readily managed; willing to be led. Although the ambassador was usually amenable to friendly suggestions, he balked when we hinted that he should waive his diplomatic immunity and pay his parking tickets.

amend v.修正，改进 correct; change, generally for the better. Hoping to amend his condition, he left Vietnam for the United States.
Word List 3 amenities-apostate

amenities n.便利设施，岑匕仪 convenient features; courtesies. In addition to the customary amenities for the business traveler—fax machines, modems, a health club—the hotel offers the services of a butler versed in the social amenities.

amiable adj.和蔼可亲的，可爱的，热情的agreeable; lovable; warmly friendly. In Little Women, Beth is the amiable daughter whose loving disposition endears her to all who know her.

amicable ad丄友善的，温和的 politely friendly; not quarrelsome. Beth's sister Jo is the hot-tempered tomboy who has a hard time maintaining amicable relations with those around her. Jo's quarrel with her friend Laurie finally reaches an amicable settlement, but not because Jo turns amiable overnight.

amiss ad丄有毛病的，出差错的 wrong; faulty. Seeing her frown, he wondered if anything were amiss, also adv. amity n.友谊 friendship. Student exchange programs such as the Experiment in International Living were established to promote international amity.

amnesia n.健忘症 loss of memory. Because she was suffering from amnesia, the police could not get the young girl to identify herself.

amnesty n.大赦，赦免 pardon. When his first child was born, the king granted amnesty {o all in prison, amoral adj.不属于道德范畴的 nonmoral. The amoral individual lacks a code of ethics; he cannot tell right from wrong. The immoral person can tell right from wrong; he chooses to do something he knows is wrong.

amorous adj.色情的；钟情的 moved by sexual love; loving. “Love them and leave them" was the motto of the amorous Don Juan.

• amorphous adj.无组织的；无定形的 formless; lacking shape or definition. As soon as we have decided on our itinerary, we shall send you a copy; right now, our plans are still amorphous.

amphibian adj.两栖类的 able to live both on land and in water. Frogs are classified as amphibian, also n.

amphitheater n.圆形（露天）剧场，阶梯式座位区oval building with tiers of seats. The spectators in the amphitheater cheered the gladiators.

ample adj.充足的 abundant. Bond had ample opportunity to escape. Why did he let us catch him? amplify v.放大，增强 broaden or clarify by expanding; intensify; make stronger. Charlie Brown tried to amplify his remarks, but he was drowned out by jeers from the audience. Lucy was smarter: she used a loudspeaker to amplify her voice.
amputate v.截肢；切除 cut off part of body; prune. Though the doctors had to amputate his leg to prevent the spread of cancer, the young athlete refused to let the loss of a limb keep him from participating in sports, amulet n.护身符 charm; talisman. Around her neck she wore the amu/ef that the witch doctor had given her.

• anachronistic adj.时代错误的 having an error involving time in a story. The reference to clocks in Julius Caesar is anachronistic: clocks did not exist in Caesar's time, anachronism, n.

analgesic adj.止痛的 causing insensitivity to pain. The analgesic qualities of this lotion will provide temporary relief.

■	analogous adj.类似的 comparable. She called our attention to the things that had been done in an analogous situation and recommended that we do the same.

analogy n.类似，类推 similarity; parallelism. A well-known analogy compares the body's immune system with an army whose defending troops are the lymphocytes or white blood cells.

■	anarchist n.无政府主义者 person who seeks to overturn the established government; advocate of abolishing authority. Denying she was an anarchist, Katya maintained she wished only to make changes in our government, not to destroy it entirely, anarchy, n.

anarchy n.无政府状态 absence of governing body; state of disorder. The assassination of the leaders led to a period of anarchy.

anathema n.诅咒；受诅咒的对象 solemn curse; someone or something regarded as a curse. The Ayatolla Khomeini heaped anathema upon "the Great Satan," that is, the United States. To the Ayatolla, America and the West were anathema; he loathed the democratic nations, cursing them in his dying words, anathematize, v.

ancestry n.祖先 family descent. David can trace his ancestry as far back as the seventeenth century, when one of his ancestors was a court trumpeter somewhere in Germany. ancestral, adj.

anchor v.把…系住（或扎牢），使固定secure or fasten firmly; be fixed in place. We set the post in concrete to anchor it in place, anchorage, n.

ancillary adj.辅助的，补充的 serving as an aid or accessory; auxiliary. In an ancillary capacity, Doctor Watson was helpful; however, Holmes could not trust the good doctor to solve a perplexing case on his own. also n.

■	anecdote n.轶事，趣闻 short account of an amusing or interesting event. Rather than make concrete proposals for

welfare reform, President Reagan told anecdotes about poor people who became wealthy despite their impoverished backgrounds.

anemia n.贫血 condition in which blood lacks red corpuscles. The doctor ascribes her tiredness to anemia, anemic, AD J.

anesthetic n.麻醉剂，麻药 substance that removes sensation with or without loss of consciousness. His monotonous voice acted like an anesthetic; his audience was soon asleep, anesthesia, n.

anguish n.痛苦，剧痛 acute pain; extreme suffering. Visiting the site of the explosion, the governor wept to see the anguish of the victims and their families.

angular adj.有角的；固执的 sharp-cornered; stiff in manner. Mr. Spock’s features, though angular, were curiously attractive, in a Vulcan way.

animated adj.活生生的，活泼的 lively; spirited. Jim Carrey's facial expressions are highly animated: when he played Ace Ventura, he looked practically rubber-faced.

■	animosity n.仇恨，憎恶 active enmity. He incurred the animosity of the ruling class because he advocated limitations of their power.

animus n.敌意 hostile feeling or intent. The speaker's sarcastic comments about liberal do-gooders and elitist snobs revealed his deep-seated animus against his opponent.

annals n.历史记载，历史 records; history. "In this year our good King Richard died," wrote the chronicler in the kingdom's annals.

annex v.附力卩，并吞 attach; take possession of. Mexico objected to the United States’ attempts to annex the territory that later became the state of Texas.

annihilate v.消灭，歼灭 destroy. The enemy in its revenge tried to annihilate the entire population.

annotate v.评注，注释 comment; make explanatory notes. In explanatory notes following each poem, the editor carefully annotated the poet's more esoteric references.

annuity n.年金，养老金 yearly allowance. The annuity he set up with the insurance company supplements his social security benefits so that he can live very comfortably without working.

annul v.废除，取消 make void. The parents of the eloped couple tried to annul the marriage.

anoint v.(尤指在授予、王位等仪式上）涂油于（人）consecrate. The prophet Samuel anointed David with oil, crowning him king of Israel.

anomalous adj.反常的，不规贝!j的 abnormal; irregular. He was placed in the anomalous position of seeming to approve procedures which he despised.

• anomaly n.不规贝iJ irregularity. A bird that cannot fly is an anomaly.

anonymity n.匿名 state of being nameless; anonymousness. The donor of the gift asked the college not to mention him by name; the dean readily agreed to respect his anonymity.

anonymous adj.匿名的 having no name. She tried to ascertain the identity of the writer of the anonymous letter.

■	antagonism n.敌对，对抗 hostility; active resistance. Barry showed his antagonism toward his new stepmother by ignoring her whenever she tried talking to him. antagonistic, ADJ.

antecede v.先前，先行 precede. The invention of the radiotelegraph anteceded the development of television by
a quarter of a century.

antecedents n.前事，祖先 preceding events or circumstances that influence what comes later; ancestors or early background. Susi Bechhofer's ignorance of her Jewish background had its antecedents in the chaos of World War II. Smuggled out of Germany and adopted by a Christian family, she knew nothing of her birth and antecedents until she was reunited with her family in 1989.

•	antediluvian ad丄陈旧的，上古的 antiquated; extremely ancient Looking at his great-aunt’s antique furniture, which must have been cluttering up her attic since the time of Noah's flood, the young heir exclaimed, "Heavens! How positively antediluvianV'

anthem n.圣歌，赞美诗 song of praise or patriotism. Let us now all join in singing the national a门them. anthology n.选集，文选 book of literary selections by various authors. This anthology of science fiction was compiled by the late Isaac Asimov, anthologize, v. anthropocentric adj.人类中心说的 regarding human beings as the center of the universe. Without considering any evidence that might challenge his anthropocentric viewpoint, Hector categorically maintained that dolphins could not be as intelligent as men. anthropocentrism, n. anthropoid adj.类人猿 manlike. The gorilla is the strongest of the anthropoid animals, also n.

anthropologist n.人类学家，人类学者 a student of the history and science of mankind. Anthropologists have discovered several relics of prehistoric man in this area, anthropomorphic adj.被赋予人形（或人性）的having human form or characteristics. Primitive religions often have deities with anthropomorphic characteristics, anthropomorphism, N.

anticlimax n.突降，虎头蛇尾 letdown in thought or emotion. After the fine performance in the first act, the rest of the play was an anticlimax, anticlimactic, adj.

■	antidote n.解毒剂 medicine to counteract a poison or disease. When Marge's child accidentally swallowed some cleaning fluid, the local poison control hotline instructed Marge how to administer the antidote.

•	antipathy n.憎恶，反感 aversion; dislike. Tom's extreme antipathy for disputes keeps him from getting into arguments with his temperamental wife. Noise in any form is antipathetic to him. Among his other antipathies are honking cars, boom boxes, and heavy metal rock.

■	antiquated adj.陈旧的 old-fashioned; obsolete. Philip had grown so accustomed to editing his papers on word processors that he thought typewriters were too antiquated for him to use.

antiseptic n.防腐剂，杀菌剂 substance that prevents infection. It is advisable to apply an antiseptic to any wound, no matter how slight or insignificant, also adj. antithesis n.对比，对立面 contrast; direct opposite of or to. This tyranny was the antithesis of all that he had hoped for, and he fought it with all his strength.

■	apathy n.无兴趣，冷漠 lack of caring; indifference. A firm believer in democratic government, she could not understand the apathy of people who never bothered to vote, apathetic, adj.

ape v.模仿 imitate or mimic. He was suspended for a week because he had aped the principal in front of the whole school.

aperture n.孑L，穴，缝隙 opening; hole. She discovered a small aperture in the wall, through which the insects had

entered the room.

apex n.顶点，顶峰 tip; summit; climax. At the apex of his career, the star was deluged with offers of leading roles; two years later, he was reduced to acting in mouthwash ads.

aphasia n.失语症 loss of speech due to injury or illness. After the automobile accident, the victim had periods of aphasia when he could not speak at all or could only mumble incoherently.

aphorism n.格言，警句 pithy maxim. An aphorism differs from an adage in that it is more philosophical or scientific. "The proper study of mankind is man” is an aphorism. "There's no smoke without a fire" is an adage, aphoristic, AD J.

apiary n.养蜂场 a place where bees are kept. Although he spent many hours daily in the apiary, he was very seldom stung by a bee.

aplomb n.沉着，泰然自若 poise; assurance. Gwen's aplomb in handling potentially embarrassing moments was legendary around the office; when one of her clients broke a piece of her best crystal, she coolly picked up her own goblet and hurled it into the fireplace.

apocalyptic ad丄启示论的，天启的 prophetic; pertaining to
revelations. The crowd jeered at the street preacher's apocalyptic predictions of doom. The Apocalypse or Book of Revelations of Saint John prophesies the end of the world as we know it and foretells marvels and prodigies that signal the coming doom.

• apocryphal adj.伪的，杜撰的 untrue; made up. To impress his friends, Tom invented apocryphal tales of his adventures in the big city.

apogee n.远地点，最高点 highest point. When the moon in its orbit is farthest away from the earth, it is at its apogee.

apolitical adj.不关心政治的 having an aversion or lack of concern for political affairs. It was hard to remain apolitical during the Vietnam War; even people who generally ignored public issues felt they had to take political stands.

apologist n.辩护者 one who writes in defense of a cause or institution. Rather than act as an apologist for the current regime in Beijing and defend its brutal actions, the young diplomat decided to defect to the West.

apostate n.变节者 one who abandons his religious faith or political beliefs. Because he switched from one party to another: his former friends shunned him as an apostate. apostasy, n.
Word List 4 apotheosis-astigmatism

apotheosis n.神化，完美的典型 elevation to godhood; an ideal example of something. The apotheosis of a Roman emperor was designed to insure his eternal greatness: people would worship at his altar forever. The hero of the musical How to Succeed in Businessas the apotheosis of yuppieness: he was the perfect upwardly-bound young man on the make.

appall v.使胆寒，使惊骇 dismay; shock. We were appalled by the horrifying conditions in the city's jails.

apparatus n.器械，设备 equipment. Firefighters use specialized apparatus to fight fires.

apparition n.鬼，幽灵 ghost; phantom. On the castle battlements, an apparition materialized and spoke to Hamlet, warning him of his uncle's treachery. In Ghostbusters, hordes of apparitions materialized, only to be dematerialized by the specialized apparatus wielded by Bill Murray.

■ appease v.平息，安抚 pacify or soothe; relieve. Tom and Jody tried to appease the crying baby by offering him one toy after another, but he would not calm down until they appeased his hunger by giving him a bottle.

appellation n.名称，称呼 name; title. Macbeth was startled when the witches greeted him with an incorrect appellation. Why did they call him Thane of Cawdor, he wondered, when the holder of that title still lived? append v.附力□ attach. When you append a bibliography to a text, you have just created an appendix.

application n.专注 diligent attention. Pleased with how well Tom had whitewashed the fence, Aunt Polly praised him for his application to the task, apply, v. (secondary meaning)

apposite adj.适当的，'洽当的 appropriate; fitting. He was always able to find the apposite phrase, the correct expression for every occasion.

appraise v.估价 estimate value of. It is difficult to appraise the value of old paintings; it is easier to call them priceless, appraisal, n.
appreciate v.感激；增值；领会 be thankful for; increase in worth; be thoroughly conscious of. Little Orphan Annie truly appreciated the stocks Daddy Warbucks gave her, which appreciated in value considerably over the years.

apprehend v.逮捕；担心；领会 arrest (a criminal); dread; perceive. The police will apprehend the culprit and convict him before long.

■ apprehension n.恐惧 fear. His nervous glances at the passersby on the deserted street revealed his apprehension.

apprenticeship n.学徒年限 time spent as a novice learning a trade from a skilled worker. As a child, Pip had thought it would be wonderful to work as Joe's apprentice: now he hated his apprenticeship and scorned the blacksmith's trade.

apprise v.通知 inform. When he was apprised of the dangerous weather conditions, he decided to postpone his trip.

approbation n.官方批准，认可 approval. She looked for some sign of approbation from her parents, hoping her good grades would please them.

appropriate v.私占，挪用 acquire; take possession of for one's own use. The ranch owners appropriated the lands that had originally been set aside for the Indians' use.

apropos prep.关于，有关 with reference to; regarding. I find your remarks apropos of the present situation timely and pertinent, also adj. and adv.

aptitude n.恰当 5 才會g fitness; talent. The counselor gave him an aptitude test before advising him about the career he should follow.

aquatic adj.水的 pertaining to water. Paul enjoyed aquatic sports such as scuba diving and snorkeling.

aquiline adj.鹰嘴似的，钩状的 curved, hooked. Cartoonists exaggerated the senator's aquiline nose, curving it until it looked like the beak of an eagle.

•	arable ad丄适于耕的 fit for growing crops. The first settlers wrote home glowing reports of the New World, praising its vast acres of arable land ready for the plow.

arbiter n.仲裁人，裁决人 a person with power to decide a dispute; judge. As an arbiter in labor disputes, she has won the confidence of the workers and the employers.

■	arbitrary ad J.武断的 capricious; randomly chosen; tyrannical. Tom's arbitrary dismissal angered him; his boss had no reason to fire him. He threw an arbitrary assortment of clothes into his suitcase and headed off, not caring where he went.

arbitrator n.公断人 judge. Because the negotiating teams had been unable to reach a contract settlement, an outside arbitrator was called upon to mediate the dispute between union and management, arbitration, n.

arboretum n.树园，植物园 place where different tree varieties are exhibited. Walking along the tree-lined paths of the arboretum, Rita noted poplars, firs, and some particularly fine sycamores.

arcade n.有拱廊的街道（两旁常设商店）a covered passageway, usually lined with shops. The arcade was popular with shoppers because it gave them protection from the summer sun and the winter rain.

arcane adj.神秘的 secret; mysterious; known only to the initiated. Secret brotherhoods surround themselves with arcane rituals and trappings to mystify outsiders. So do doctors. Consider the arcane terminology they use and the impression they try to give that what is arcane to us is obvious to them.

archaeology n.考古学 study of artifacts and relics of early mankind. The professor of archaeology headed an expedition to the Gobi Desert in search of ancient ruins.

■	archaic adj.古老的 antiquated. "Methinks,” "thee,” and "thou" are archaic words that are no longer part of our normal vocabulary.

archetype n.原型 prototype; primitive pattern. The Brooklyn Bridge was the archetype of the many spans that now connect Manhattan with Long Island and New Jersey.

archipelago n.群岛，歹!j岛 group of closely located islands. When Gauguin looked at the map and saw the archipelagoes in the South Seas, he longed to visit them.

archives n.档案，档案室 public records; place where public records are kept. These documents should be part of the archives so that historians may be able to evaluate them in the future.

•	ardent ad丄热切的，热情的 intense; passionate; zealous. Katya's ardor was contagious; soon all her fellow demonstrators were busily making posters and handing out flyers, inspired by her arc/er?f enthusiasm for the cause, ardor, n.

arduous adj.努力的，费力的 hard; strenuous. Her arduous efforts had sapped her energy.

aria n.独唱曲，咏叹调 operatic solo. At her Metropolitan Opera audition, Marian Anderson sang an aria from Norma.

arid adj.干旱的，贫瘠的 dry; barren. The cactus has adapted to survive in an ar/'c/environment, aristocracy n.贵族 hereditary nobility; privileged class. Americans have mixed feelings about hereditary aristocracy'. we say all men are created equal, but we describe particularly outstanding people as natural aristocrats. armada n.舰队 fleet of warships. Queen Elizabeth's navy defeated the mighty armada that threatened the English coast.
aromatic adj.芬芳的 fragrant. Medieval sailing vessels

brought aromatic herbs from China to Europe.

arousal n.觉醒；激励 awakening; provocation (of a

response). On arousal, Papa was always grumpy as a bear.

The children tiptoed around the house, fearing they would

arouse his anger by waking him up.

arraign v.传讯，控告 charge in court; indict. After his

indictment by the Grand Jury, the accused man was

arraigned in the County Criminal Court.

array v.部署，排列 marshal; draw up in order. His

actions were bound to array public sentiment against him.

also n.

array v.着盛装，装饰 clothe; adorn. She liked to watch her mother array herself in her finest clothes before going out for the evening, also n.

arrears n.拖欠，到期未付款 being in debt. He was in arrears with his payments on the car.

arrest v.停止，引起注意 stop or slow down; catch someone's attention. Slipping, the trapeze artist plunged from the heights until a safety net luckily arrested his fall. This neardisaster arrested the crowd's attention.

■	arrogance n.傲慢 pride; haughtiness. Convinced that Emma thought she was better than anyone else in the class, Ed rebuked her for her arrogance.

arroyo n.干枯的河床 gully. Until the heavy rains of the past spring, this arroyo had been a dry bed.

arsenal n.军械库 storage place for military equipment. People are forbidden to smoke in the arsenal for fear that a stray spark might set off the munitions stored there.

■	articulate adj.善于表达的，发音清晰的 effective; distinct. Her articulate presentation of the advertising campaign impressed her employers, also v.

■	artifact n.人工制品 object made by human beings, either handmade or mass-produced. Archaeologists debated the significance of the artifacts discovered in the ruins of Asia Minor but came to no conclusion about the culture they represented.

artifice n.技巧，诡计 deception; trickery. The Trojan War proved to the Greeks that cunning and artifice were often more effective than military might.

■	artisan n.工匠，技工 manually skilled worker; craftsman, as opposed to artist. A noted artisan, Arturo was known for the fine craftsmanship of his inlaid cabinets.

artless adj.朴实的 without guile; open and honest. Sophisticated and cynical, Jack could not believe Jill was as artless and naive as she appeared to be.

■	ascendancy n.优势，支配地位 controlling influence; domination. Leaders of religious cults maintain ascendancy over their followers by methods that can verge on brainwashing.

ascertain v.使确信 find out for certain. Please ascertain her present address.

■	ascetic adi 修道的，苦行的 practicing self-denial; austere. The wealthy, self-indulgent young man felt oddly drawn to the strict, ascetic life led by members of some monastic orders, also n.

ascribe v.归因于 refer; attribute; assign. I can ascribe no motive for her acts.

aseptic adj.无菌的，防腐的 preventing infection; having a cleansing effect. Hospitals succeeded in lowering the mortality rate as soon as they introduced aseptic conditions.

ashen adj.灰色的，苍白的 ash-colored. Her face was ashen with fear.

asinine adj.愚蠢的 stupid. "What an asinine comment!" said Bob contemptuously. "I've never heard such a stupid remark.n

askance adj.斜着眼睛 with a sideways or indirect look. Looking askance at her questioner, she displayed her scorn.

askew adj.歪斜的 crookedly; slanted; at an angle. Judy constantly straightened the doilies on her furniture: she couldn’t stand seeing them askew.

asperity n.刻薄 sharpness (of temper). These remarks, spoken with asperity, stung the boys to whom they had been directed.

aspersion n.诽谤，中伤 slander; slur; derogatory remark. Unscrupulous politicians practice character assassination as a political tool, casting aspersions on their rivals.

aspirant n.有抱负者，有野心者 seeker after position or status. Although I am an aspirant for public office, I am not willing to accept the dictates of the party bosses, also adj.

■ aspire v.有志于，渴望 seek to attain; long for. Because he aspired to a career in professional sports, Philip enrolled in a graduate program in sports management, aspiration, n. assail v.攻击 assault. He was assailed with questions after his lecture.

assay v.化验，分析 analyze; evaluate. When they assayed the ore, they found that they had discovered a very rich vein, also n.

assent v.赞成 agree; accept. It gives me great pleasure to assent to your request.

assert v.断言，坚持己见 declare or state with confidence; put oneself forward boldly. Malcolm asserted that if Reese quit acting like a wimp and asserted himself a bit more,
he’d improve his chances of getting a date, assertion, n. assessment n.评估，评价 evaluation; judgment. Your high school record plays an important part in the admission committee’s assessment of you as an applicant.

•	assiduous adj.勤奋的 diligent. He was assiduous, working at this task for weeks before he felt satisfied with his results, assiduity, n.

assimilate v.吸收，使相同 absorb; cause to become homogeneous. The manner in which the United States was able to assimilate the hordes of immigrants during the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries will always be a source of pride to Americans. The immigrants eagerly assimilated new ideas and customs; they soaked them up, the way plants soak up water.

•	assuage v.减轻，使满足 ease or lessen (pain)； satisfy (hunger); soothe (anger). Jilted by Jane, Dick tried to assuage his heartache by indulging in ice cream. One gallon later, he had assuaged his appetite but not his grief.

assumption n.假设；承担 something taken for granted; taking over or taking possession of. The young princess made the foolish assumption that the regent would not object to her assumption of power, assume, v.

assurance n.发誓，确信；自信 promise or pledge; certainty; self-confidence. When Guthrie gave Guinness his assurance that rehearsals were going well, he spoke with such assurance that Guinness felt relieved, assure, v.

asteroid n.小行星 small planet. Most asteroids are found in the region of space located between Mars and Jupiter, commonly known as the asteroid belt.

astigmatism n.【医】散光 eye defect that prevents proper focus. As soon as his parents discovered that the boy suffered from astigmatism, they took him to the optometrist for corrective glasses.
Word List 5 astral-barb

astral adj.星的 relating to the stars. She was amazed at the number of astral bodies the new telescope revealed.

astringent adj.收敛性的 binding; causing contraction. The astringent quality of the unsweetened lemon juice made swallowing difficult, also n.

astronomical adj.巨大的 enormously large or extensive. The government seems willing to spend astronomical sums on weapons development.

■ astute adj.机敏的，狡猾的 wise; shrewd; keen. John Jacob Astor made astute investments in land, shrewdly purchasing valuable plots throughout New York City.

asunder adv.成碎片，分离 into parts; apart. A fierce quarrel split the partnership asunder, the two partners finally sundered their connections because their points of view were poles asunder.

asylum n.避难所，庇护 place of refuge or shelter; protection. The refugees sought asylum from religious persecution in a new land.

asymmetric adj.不均匀的 not identical on both sides of a dividing central line. Because one eyebrow was set markedly higher than the other, William's face had a particularly asymmetric appearance.

atavism n.隔代遗传，返祖现象 reversion to an earlier type; throwback. In his love for gardening, Martin seemed an atavism to his Tuscan forebears, who lavished great care on their small plots of soil.
atheistic adj.无神论的 denying the existence of God. His atheistic remarks shocked the religious worshippers.

atlas n.地图册 a bound volume of maps, charts, or tables. Embarrassed at being unable to distinguish Slovenia from Slovakia, George W. finally consulted an atlas. atone v.弥补，补偿 make amends for; pay for. He knew no way in which he could atone for his brutal crime.

atrocity n.暴行 brutal deed. In time of war, many atrocities are committed by invading armies.

拳 atrophy v.废弃 waste away. After three months in a cast, your calf muscles are bound to atrophy, you’ll need physical therapy to get back in shape, also n.

attain v.达至ij，获得 achieve or accomplish; gain. The scarecrow sought to attain one goal: he wished to obtain a brain.

attentive adj.注意的，留心的；体贴的 alert and watchful; considerate; thoughtful. Spellbound, the attentive audience watched the final game of the tennis match, never taking their eyes from the ball. A cold wind sprang up; Stan's attentive daughter slipped a sweater over his shoulders without distracting his attention from the game.

attenuate v.使变细，削弱 make thin; weaken. By withdrawing their forces, the generals hoped to attenuate the enemy lines.

attest v.证明 testify, bear witness. Having served as a

member of the Grand Jury, I can attest that our system of indicting individuals is in need of improvement.

attribute n.属性，特征 essential quality. His outstanding attribute was his kindness.

■	attribute v.归结于；解释 ascribe; explain. I attribute her success in science to the encouragement she received from her parents.

attrition n.消耗；人员自然缩减；磨损gradual decrease in numbers; reduction in the work force without firing employees; wearing away of opposition by means of harassment. In the 1960s urban churches suffered from attrition as members moved from the cities to the suburbs. Rather than fire staff members, church leaders followed a policy of attrition, allowing elderly workers to retire without replacing them.

atypical adj.非典型的，反常的 not normal. The child psychiatrist reassured Mrs. Keaton that playing doctor was not atypical behavior for a child of young Alex's age. "Yes," she replied, "but not charging for house calls!"

• audacious adj.大胆的，鲁莽的 daring; bold. Audiences cheered as Luke Skywalker and Princess Leia made their audacious, death-defying leap to freedom, escaping Darth Vader’s troops, audacity, n.

audit n.审计 examination of accounts. When the bank examiners arrived to hold their annual audit, they discovered the embezzlements of the chief cashier, also v.

auditory adj.耳的，听觉的 pertaining to the sense of hearing. Audrey suffered from auditory hallucinations: she thought Elvis was speaking to her from the Great Beyond.

■	augment v.增力口，扩大 increase; add to. Armies augment their forces by calling up reinforcements; teachers augment their salaries by taking odd jobs.

augury n.预言；预兆 omen; prophecy. He interpreted the departure of the birds as an augury of evil, augur, v.

august adj.威严的，宏伟的 impressive; majestic. Visiting the palace at Versailles, she was impressed by the august surroundings in which she found herself.

aureole n.光轮 sun's corona; halo. Many medieval paintings depict saintly characters with aureoles around their heads.

auroral ad丄曙光的，极光的 pertaining to the aurora borealis. The auroral display was particularly spectacular that evening.

auspicious adj.吉兆的，幸运的 favoring success. With favorable weather conditions, it was an auspicious moment to set sail. Thomas, however, had doubts about sailing: a paranoid, he became suspicious whenever conditions seemed auspicious.

■	austere adj.严厉的；简朴的 forbiddingly stern; severely simple and unornamented. The headmaster's austere demeanor tended to scare off the more timid students, who never visited his study willingly. The room reflected the man, austere and bare, like a monk's cell, with no touches of luxury to moderate its austerity.

authenticate v.验证，鉴另ij confirm as genuine. After a thorough chemical analysis of the pigments and canvas, the experts were prepared to authenticate the painting as an original Rembrandt.

■	authoritarian adj.独裁的，专横的 subordinating the individual to the state; completely dominating another's will. The leaders of the authoritarian regime ordered the suppression of the democratic protest movement. After years of
submitting to the will of her authoritarian father, Elizabeth Barrett ran away from home with the poet Robert Browning.

authoritative adj.权威的；专政的 having the weight of authority; peremptory and dictatorial. Impressed by the young researcher’s well-documented presentation, we accepted her analysis of the experiment as authoritative.

autocratic adj.独裁的；专政的 having absolute, unchecked power; dictatorial. Someone accustomed to exercising authority may become autocratic if his or her power is unchecked. Dictators by definition are autocrats. Bosses who dictate behavior as well as letters can be autocrats too.

automaton n.机器人；机械般行动的人或动物robot; person performing a task mechanically. The assembly line job called for no initiative or intelligence on Homer's part; on automatic pilot, he pushed button after button like an automaton.

■	autonomous adj.自治的 self-governing. Although the University of California at Berkeley is just one part of the state university system, in many ways Cal Berkeley is autonomous, for it runs several programs that are not subject to outside control, autonomy, n.

autopsy n.尸体解剖，验尸 examination of a dead body; post-mortem. The medical examiner ordered an autopsy to determine the cause of death, also v.

auxiliary adj.助手 helper, additional or subsidiary. To prepare for the emergency, they built an auxiliary power station, also n.

avalanche n.雪崩 great mass of falling snow and ice. The park ranger warned the skiers to stay on the main trails, where they would be in no danger of being buried beneath a sudden avalanche.

•	avarice n.贪婪 greediness for wealth. King Midas is a perfect example of avarice, for he was so greedy that he wished everything he touched would turn to gold.

avenge v.报仇 take vengeance for something (or on behalf of someone). Hamlet vowed he would avenge his father's murder and punish Claudius for his horrible crime.

aver v.断言，主张 assert confidently; affirm. Despite overwhelming popular skepticism about his voyage, Columbus averred he would succeed in finding a direct sea route to the Far East.

averse adj.不愿意的，反）的 reluctant; disinclined. The reporter was averse to revealing the sources of his information.

■	aversion n.厌恶 firm dislike. Bert had an aversion to yuppies; Alex had an aversion to punks. Their mutual aversion was so great that they refused to speak to one another.

•	avert v.预防；转移 prevent; turn away. She averted her eyes from the dead cat on the highway.

•	aviary n.大型鸟舍 enclosure for birds. The aviary at the zoo held nearly 300 birds.

avid adj.渴望的 greedy; eager for. Avid for pleasure, Abner partied with great avidity, avidity, n. avocation n.畐ij业 secondary or minor occupation. His hobby proved to be so fascinating and profitable that gradually he abandoned his regular occupation and concentrated on his avocation.

avow v.发誓 declare openly. Lana avowed that she never meant to steal Debbie's boyfriend, but no one believed her avowal of innocence.

avuncular adj.(像)叔{白的 like an uncle. Avuncular

pride did not prevent him from noticing his nephew's shortcomings.

awe n.敬畏 solemn wonder. The tourists gazed with awe at the tremendous expanse of the Grand Canyon.

awry adv.扭曲的，错误的 crooked; wrong; amiss. Noticing that the groom's tie was slightly awry, the bride reached over to set it straight. A careful organizer, she hated to have anything go awry with her plans.

axiom n.公理；原贝U self-evident truth requiring no proof. Before a student can begin to think along the lines of Euclidean geometry, he must accept certain principles or axioms.

azure adj.蔚蓝色的 sky blue. Azure skies are indicative of good weather.

babble v.含糊不清地说；胡言乱语chatter idly. The little girl babbled about her doll, also n.

bacchanalian adj.喝醉的 drunken. Emperor Nero attended the bacchanalian orgy.

badger v.骚扰，纠缠 pester; annoy. She was forced to change her telephone number because she was badgered by obscene phone calls.

badinage n.开玩笑，打趣 teasing conversation. Her friends at work greeted the news of her engagement with cheerful badinage.

baffle v.使困惑，阻碍；挫折 frustrate; perplex. The new code baffled the enemy agents.

bait v.骚扰；戏弄 harass; tease. The school bully baited the smaller children, terrorizing them.

baleful adj.恶毒的；不祥的 deadly; having a malign influence; ominous. The fortune teller made baleful predictions of terrible things to come.

balk v.阻挠，阻止；突然拒绝前行foil or thwart; stop short; refuse to go on. When the warden learned that sev-
eral inmates were planning to escape, he took steps to balk their attempt. However, he balked at punishing them by shackling them to the walls of their cells.

ballast n.压舱物 heavy substance used to add stability or weight. The ship was listing badly to one side; it was necessary to shift the ballast in the hold to get her back on an even keel, also v.

balm n.安慰（物）something that relieves pain. Friendship is the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.

balmy adj.温和的；芳香的 mild; fragrant. A balmy breeze refreshed us after the sultry blast.

banal adj.陈腐的，平庸的 hackneyed; commonplace; trite; lacking originality. The hack writer's worn-out cliches made his comic sketch seem banal. He even resorted to the banality of having someone slip on a banana peel!

bandy v.互致，交换；对骂 discuss lightly or glibly; exchange (words) heatedly. While the president was happy to bandy patriotic generalizations with anyone who would listen to him, he refused to bandy words with unfriendly reporters at the press conference.

bane n.祸根，灾星 cause of ruin; curse. Lucy's little brother was the bane of her existence: his attempts to make her life miserable worked so well that she could have poisoned him with ratsbane for having such a baneful effect.

bantering adj.开玩笑的 good-natured ridiculing. They resented his bantering remarks because they thought he was being sarcastic.

barb n.(鱼钩等的)倒钩;讽刺的话sharp projection from fishhook, etc.; openly cutting remark. If you were a politician, which would you prefer, being caught on the barb of a fishhook or being subjected to malicious verbal barbs? Who can blame the president if he’s happier fishing than back in the capitol listening to his critics' barbed remarks?
Word List 6 bard-bluff

bard n.吟游诗人 poet. The ancient bard Homer sang of the fall of Troy.

baroque adj.巴洛克风格的 highly ornate. Accustomed to the severe lines of contemporary buildings, the architecture students found the flamboyance of baroque architecture amusing. They simply didn't go for baroque.

barrage n.火力网；齐射式的攻击barrier laid down by artillery fire. The company was forced to retreat through the barrage of heavy cannons.

barren adj.贫瘠的 desolate; fruitless and unproductive; lacking. Looking out at the trackless, barren desert, Indiana Jones feared that his search for the missing expedition would prove barren.

barricade n.障碍物 hastily put together defensive barrier; obstacle. Marius and his fellow students hurriedly improvised a rough barricade to block police access to the students' quarter. Malcolm and his brothers barricaded themselves in their bedroom to keep their mother from seeing the hole in the bedroom floor, also v.

barterer n.交易商 trader. The barterer exchanged trinkets for the natives' furs. It seemed smarter to barter than to pay cash.

bask v.晒太阳;取暖 luxuriate; take pleasure in warmth. Basking on the beach, she relaxed so completely that she fell asleep.

bastion n.堡垒 fortress; defense. The villagers fortified the town hall, hoping this improvised bastion could protect them from the guerillas' raids.

bate v.减弱;抑制 let down; restrain. Until it was time to open the presents, the children had to bate their curiosity, bated, adj.

bauble n.小玩意 trinket; trifle. The child was delighted with the bauble she had won in the grab bag.

bawdy adj.下流的；低级的 indecent; obscene. Jack took offense at Jill’s bawdy remarks. What kind of young man did she think he was?

beam n.光束！木梁；电波 ray of light; long piece of metal or wood; course of a radio signal, v.面露喜色，满脸堆笑 smile radiantly. If a beam of light falls on you, it illuminates you; if a beam of iron falls on you, it eliminates you. (No one feels like beaming when crushed by an iron beam.) 

beatific adj.祝福的，幸福的 giving bliss; blissful. The beatific smile on the child’s face made us very happy.

beatitude n.祝福 blessedness; state of bliss. Growing closer to God each day, the mystic achieved a state of indescribable beatitude.

bedizen v.把…打扮得过分俗气 dress with vulgar finery. The witch doctors were bedizened in all their gaudiest costumes.

bedraggle v.把…弄得湿透；在泥泞中拖过 wet thoroughly; stain with mud. We were so bedraggled by the severe storm that we had to change into dry clothing, bedraggled, adj.

beeline n.直线 direct, quick route. As soon as the movie was over, Jim made a beeline for the exit.

befuddle v.使迷惑 confuse thoroughly. His attempts to clarify the situation succeeded only in befuddling her further.

beget v.做父亲；产生 father; produce; give rise to. One good turn may deserve another; it does not necessarily beget another.

begrudge v.怨恨；嫉妒 resent. I begrudge every minute I have to spend attending meetings; they’re a complete waste of time.

• beguile v.诱骗，欺骗；愉快地消磨时间 mislead or delude; pass time. With flattery and big talk of easy money, the con men beguiled Kyle into betting his allowance on the shell game. Broke, he beguiled himself during the long hours by playing solitaire.

behemoth n.巨兽 huge creature; monstrous animal. Sportscasters nicknamed the linebacker "The Behemoth."

belabor v.喋喋不休；责骂 explain or go over excessively or to a ridiculous degree; attack verbally. The debate coach warned her student not to bore the audience by belaboring her point.

belated adj.迟到的 delayed. He apologized for his belated note of condolence to the widow of his friend and explained that he had just learned of her husband's untimely death.

beleaguer v.围攻，攻击 besiege or attack; harassed. The babysitter was surrounded by a crowd of unmanageable brats who relentlessly beleaguered her.

■ belie v.与…矛盾；掩饰 contradict; give a false impression. His coarse, hard-bitten exterior belied his inner sensitivity.

belittle v.轻视 disparage or depreciate; put down. Parents should not belittle their children's early attempts at drawing, but should encourage their efforts. Barry was a put-down artist: he was a genius at belittling people and making them feel small.

bellicose adj.好斗的 warlike. His bellicose disposition alienated his friends.

belligerent adj.好战的 quarrelsome. Whenever he had too much to drink, he became belligerent and tried to pick fights with strangers, belligerence, n.

bemoan v.哀叹，为…惋惜 lament; express disapproval of. The widow bemoaned the death of her beloved husband. Although critics bemoaned the serious flaws in the author's novels, each year his latest book topped the bestseller list.

bemused adj.困惑的 confused; lost in thought; preoccupied. Jill studied the garbled instructions with a bemused look on her face.

benediction n.祝福 blessing. The appearance of the sun after the many rainy days was like a benediction.

benefactor n.赠送者；赞助人 gift giver; patron. Scrooge later became Tiny Tim's benefactor and gave him gifts.

beneficial adj.有帮助的，有用的 helpful; useful. Tiny Tim's cheerful good nature had a beneficial influence on Scrooge's once- uncharitable disposition.

beneficiary n.受益人 person entitled to benefits or pro-
ceeds of an insurance policy or will. In Scrooge’s will, he made Tiny Tim his beneficiary, everything he left would go to young Tim.

■ benevolent adj.乐善好施的 generous; charitabl.e. Mr. Fezziwig was a benevolent employer, who wished to make Christmas merrier for young Scrooge and his other employees.

benign adj.和蔼的;仁慈的 kindly; favorable; not malignant. Though her benign smile and gentle bearing made Miss Marple seem a sweet little old lady, in reality she was a tough-minded, shrewd observer of human nature, benignity, N.

bent adj. n.决意的;倾向，爱好 determined; natural talent or inclination. Bent on advancing in the business world, the secretary-heroine of Working Girl has a true bent for high finance.

• bequeath v.遗留给 leave to someone by a will; hand down. Though Maud had intended to bequeath the family home to her nephew, she died before changing her will, bequest, n.

berate v.痛斥，严责 scold strongly. He feared she would berate him for his forgetfulness.

bereavement n.丧失 state of being deprived of something valuable or beloved. His friends gathered to console him upon his sudden bereavement.

bereft adj.被剥夺的；丧失的 deprived of; lacking; desolate because of a loss. The foolish gambler soon found himself bereft of funds.

berserk adj.狂暴的 frenzied. Angered, he went berserk and began to wreck the room.

beseech v.恳求 beg; plead with. The workaholic executive's wife beseeched him to spend more time with their son.

beset v.困扰；包围 harass or trouble; hem in. Many vexing problems beset the American public school system. Sleeping Beauty’s castle was beset on all sides by dense thickets that hid it from view..

besiege v.包围 surround with armed forces; harass (with requests). When the bandits besieged the village, the villagers holed 叩 in the town hall and prepared to withstand a long siege. Members of the new administration were besieged with job applications from people who had worked on the campaign.

besmirch v.玷污，弄脏 soil, defile. The scandalous remarks in the newspaper besmirch the reputations of every member of the society.

bestial adj.野兽的 beastlike; brutal. According to legend, the werewolf was able to abandon its human shape and take on a bestial fom.

bestow v.给予 give. He wished to bestow great honors upon the hero.

betoken v.预示 signify; indicate. The well-equipped docks, tall piles of cargo containers, and numerous vessels being loaded all betoken Oakland's importance as a port.

betray v.背叛；泄露（秘密）be unfaithful; reveal (unconsciously or unwillingly). The spy betrayed his country by selling military secrets to the enemy. When he was taken in for questioning, the tightness of his lips betrayed his fear of being caught.

betroth v.订婚 become engaged to marry. The announcement that they had become betrothed surprised their friends who had not suspected any romance, betrothal, n.

bevy n. 一群 large group. The movie actor was surrounded by a bevy of starlets.

biased adj.有偏见的 slanted; prejudiced. Because the judge played golf regularly with the district attorney's father, we feared he might be biased in the prosecution's favor, bias, n.

bicameral adj.两院制的 two-chambered, as a legislative' body. The United States Congress is a bicameral body.

bicker v.斗嘴 quarrel. The children bickered morning, noon, and night, exasperating their parents.

biennial adj.两年一次的 every two years. Seeing no need to meet more frequently, the group held biennial meetings instead of annual ones. Plants that bear flowers biennially are known as biennials.

bigotry n.固执 stubborn intolerance. Brought up in a democratic atmosphere, the student was shocked by the bigotry and narrowness expressed by several of his classmates.

bilious adj.脾气暴躁的 suffering from indigestion; irritable. His bilious temperament was apparent to all who heard him rant about his difficulties.

bilk v.诈骗 swindle; cheat. The con man specialized in bilking insurance companies.

billowing adj.汹涌的 swelling out in waves; surging. Standing over the air vent, Marilyn Monroe tried vainly to control her billowing skirts.

bivouac n.露营 temporary encampment. While in bivouac, we spent the night in our sleeping bags under the stars, also v.

bizarre adj.奇异的 fantastic; violently contrasting. The plot of the novel was too bizarre to be believed.

blanch v.漂白 bleach; whiten. Although age had blanched his hair, he was still vigorous and energetic.

bland adj.温和的；惬意的 soothing or mild; agreeable. Jill tried a bland ointment for her sunburn. However, when Jack absent-mindedly patted her on the sunburned shoulder, she couldn't maintain a d/ancf disposition.

blandishment n.奉承 flattery. Despite the salesperson's blandishments, the customer did not buy the outfit.

blare n.大而刺耳的声音；耀眼的光loud, harsh roar or screech; dazzling blaze of light. I don’t know which is worse: the steady blare of a boom box deafening your ears or a sudden blare of flashbulbs dazzling your eyes.

blase adj.厌倦于享乐的 bored with pleasure or dissipation. Although Beth was as thrilled with the idea of a trip to Paris as her classmates were, she tried to act super cool and blase, as if she’d been abroad hundreds of times.

blasphemy n.亵渎 irreverence; sacrilege; cursing. In my father's house, the Dodgers were the holiest of holies; to cheer for another team was to utter words of blasphemy. blasphemous, adj.

blatant adj.显眼的，明目张胆的 flagrant; conspicuously obvious; loudly offensive. To the unemployed youth from Dublin, the "No Irish Need Apply” placard in the shop window was a blatant mark of prejudice.

•	bleak adj.寒冷的；暗淡的 cold or cheerless; unlikely to be favorable. The frigid, inhospitable Aleutian Islands are bleak military outposts. It's no wonder that soldiers assigned there have a bleak attitude toward their posting.

•	blighted adj.毁灭的 suffering from a disease; destroyed. The extent of the blighted areas could be seen only when viewed from the air.

blithe adj.愉快的 gay; joyous; carefree. Without a care in the world, Beth went her blithe, lighthearted way.

bloated adj.浮肿的 swollen or puffed as with water or air. Her bloated stomach came from drinking so much water.

bludgeon n.短棒 club; heavy-headed weapon. Attacked by Dr. Moriarty, Holmes used his walking stick as a bludgeon to defend himself. "Watson," he said, "I fear I may have bludgeoned Moriarty to death."

bluff adj.直率的，粗率的 rough but good-natured. Jack had a bluff and hearty manner that belied his actual sensitivity; he never let people know how thin-skinned he really was.

bluff n.虚张声势；欺骗；悬崖 pretense (of strength)； deception; high cliff. Claire thought Lord Byron's boast that he would swim the Hellespont was just a bluff; she was astounded when he dove from the high bluff into the waters below, also v.
Word List 7 blunder-canter

blunder n.错误 error. The criminal’s fatal blunder led to his capture, also v.

blurt v.脱□而出 utter impulsively. Before she could stop him, he blurted out the news.

bluster v.鸣哮；吓唬 blow in heavy gusts; threaten emptily; bully. "Let the stormy winds bluster,'' cried Jack, “we'll set sail tonight." Jill let Jack bluster, she wasn’t going anywhere, no matter what he said.

bode v.预示 foreshadow; portend. The gloomy skies and the sulphurous odors from the mineral springs seemed to bode evil to those who settled in the area.

bogus adj.虚假的 counterfeit; not authentic. The police quickly found the distributors of the bogus twenty-dollar bills.

bohemian adj.反俗世陈规的 unconventional (in an artistic way). Gertrude Stein ran off to Paris to live an eccentric, bohemian life with her writer friends. Oakland was not bohemian: it was too bourgeois, too middle-class.

boisterous adj.狂暴的；吵闹的 violent; rough; noisy. The unruly crowd became even more boisterous when he tried to quiet them.

■ bolster v.支持 support; reinforce. The debaters amassed file boxes full of evidence to bolster their arguments.

bolt n.门闩；螺栓 door bar; fastening pin or screw; length of fabric. The carpenter shut the workshop door, sliding the heavy metal bolt into place. He sorted through his toolbox for the nuts and bolts and nails he would need. Before he cut into the bolt of canvas, he measured how much fabric he would need.

bolt v.迅速移动；拴住 dash or dart off; fasten (a door); gobble down. Jack was set to bolt out the front door, but Jill bolted the door. "Eat your breakfast,” she said, "don’t bolt your food.”

bombardment n.炮击 attack with missiles. The enemy bombardment demolished the town. Members of the opposition party bombarded the prime minister with questions about the enemy attack.

bombastic adj.夸大的 pompous; using inflated language. Puffed up with conceit, the orator spoke in such a bombastic manner that we longed to deflate him. bombast, n.

booming adj.低沉有回响的；繁荣的 deep and resonant; flourishing, thriving. "Who needs a microphone?" cried the mayor in his booming voice. Cheerfully he boomed out that, thanks to him, the city’s economy was booming, boom, v.

boon n.恩赐 blessing; benefit. The recent rains that filled our empty reservoirs were a boon to the whole community.

boorish adj.粗鲁的；不敏感的 rude; insensitive. Though Mr. Collins constantly interrupted his wife, she ignored his boorish behavior, for she had lost hope of teaching him courtesy.

boundless adj.无边无界的 unlimited; vast. Mike's energy was boundless: the greater the challenge, the more vigorously he tackled the job.

bountiful adj.富足的；慷慨的 abundant; graciously generous. Thanks to the good harvest, we had a bountiful supply of food and we could be as bountiful as we liked in distributing food to the needy、

bourgeois n.;adj.中产阶级,渴求名利的；平庸的middle class; selfishly materialistic; dully conventional. Technically, anyone who belongs to the middle class is bourgeois, but, given the word's connotations, most people resent it if you call them that.

bovine adj.牛的;迟钝的 cowlike; placid and dull. Nothing excites Esther; even when she won the state lottery, she still preserved her air of bovine calm.

bowdlerize v.删节 expurgate. After the film editors had bowdlerized the language in the script, the motion picture's rating was changed from "R" to "PG."

boycott v.联合抵制 refrain from buying or using. To put pressure on grape growers to stop using pesticides that harmed the farm workers' health, Cesar Chavez called for consumers to boycott grapes.

■	braggart n.吹牛的人 boaster. Modest by nature, she was no braggart, preferring to let her accomplishments speak for themselves.

brandish v.挥舞；炫耀 wave around; flourish. Alarmed, Doctor Watson wildly brandished his gun until Holmes told him to put the thing away before he shot himself.

bravado n.虚张声势 swagger; assumed air of defiance. The bravado of the young criminal disappeared when he was confronted by the victims of his brutal attack.

brawn n.强壮 muscular strength; sturdiness. It takes brawn to become a champion weightlifter. brawny, adj.

brazen adj.傲慢无礼的；无耻的 insolent. Her brazen contempt for authority angered the officials.

breach n.违背，违反,裂缝 breaking of contract or duty; fissure or gap. Jill sued Jack for breach of promise, claiming he had broken his promise to marry her. They found a breach in the enemy’s fortifications and penetrated their lines, also v.

breadth n.宽度 width; extent. We were impressed by the breadth of her knowledge.

■	brevity n.简洁 conciseness. Brevity is essential when you send a telegram or cablegram; you are charged for every word.

brindled adj.有斑点或条纹的 tawny or grayish with streaks or spots. He was disappointed in the litter because the puppies were brindled; he had hoped for animals of a uniform color.
bristling adj.竖立的；易怒的 rising like bristles; showing irritation. The dog stood there, bristling with anger.

brittle adj.易碎的；难相处的 easily broken; difficult. My employer's self-control was as brittle as an egg-shell. Her brittle personality made it difficult for me to get along with her.

broach v.提出，开启 introduce; open up. Jack did not even try to broach the subject of religion with his in-laws. If you broach a touchy subject, it may cause a breach.

brochure n. /j、册子 pamphlet. This brochure on farming was issued by the Department of Agriculture.

brooch n.胸针 ornamental clasp. She treasured the brooch because it was an heirloom.

browbeat v.恐吓 bully; intimidate. Billy resisted Ted's attempts browbeat him into handing over his lunch money.

browse v.浏览 graze; skim or glance at casually. "How now, brown cow, browsing in the green, green grass, I remember lines of verse that I came across while browsing through the poetry section of the local bookstore.

brunt n.冲击；主攻 main impact or shock. Tom Sawyer claimed credit for painting the fence, but the brunt of the work fell on others. However, he bore the brunt of Aunt Polly's complaints when the paint began to peel.

brusque ad丄生硬的；唐突的 blunt; abrupt. Was Bruce too brusque when he brushed off Bob's request with a curt "Not now!"?

buccaneer n.海盗 pirate. At Disneyland the Pirates of the Caribbean sing a song about their lives as bloody buccaneers.

bucolic adj.田园的 rustic; pastoral. Filled with browsing cows and bleating sheep, the meadow was a charmingly bucolic sight.

buffet n.自助餐;供应便餐的柜台table with food set out for people to serve themselves; meal at which people help themselves to food that's been set out. Please convey the souffle on the tray to the buffet. (Buffet rhymes with tray.)

buffet v.打击，搏斗 slap; batter; knock about. To buffet something is to rough it up.（巳uffet rhymes with Muffett.) Was Miss Muffett buffeted by the crowd on the way to the buffet tray?

buffoonery n.滑稽 clowning. In the Ace Ventura movies, Jim Carrey's buffoonery was hilarious: like Bozo the Clown, he's a natural buffoon.

bullion n.金条或银条 gold and silver in the form of bars. Much bullion is stored in the vaults at Fort Knox.

bulwark n.堡垒，防御物 earthwork or other strong defense; person who defends. The navy is our principal bulwark against invasion.

bumptious adj.自夸的 self-assertive. His classmates called him a show-off because of his bumptious airs, bungalow n.平房 small cottage. Every summer we rent a bungalow on Cape Cod for our vacation home. The rent is high, the roof is low一it's a basic bungalow.

bungle v.搞糟；笨手笨脚地做 mismanage; blunder. Don't botch this assignment, Bumstead; if you bungle the job, you're fired!

buoyant adj.有浮力的；轻松的，活泼的able to float; cheerful and optimistic. When the boat capsized, her buoyant life jacket kept Jody afloat. Scrambling back on board, she was still in a buoyant mood, certain that despite the delay she'd win the race.

bureaucracy n.官僚主义，官僚机构 over-regulated administrative system marked by red tape. The Internal Revenue Service is the ultimate bureaucracy, taxpayers wasted so much paper filling out IRS forms that the IRS bureaucrats printed up a new set of rules requiring taxpayers to comply with the Paperwork Reduction Act.

burgeon v.迅速成长:抽芽 grow forth; send out buds. In the spring, the plants that burgeon are a promise of the beauty that is to come.

burlesque v.滑稽表演 give an imitation that ridicules. In Spaceballs, Rick Moranis burlesques Darth Vader of Star Wars, outrageously parodying Vader's stiff walk and hollow voice.

burly adj.魁梧的 husky; muscular. The burly mover lifted the packing crate with ease.

burnish v.擦亮 make shiny by rubbing; polish. The maid burnished the brass fixtures until they reflected the lamplight.

bustle v.奔忙！充满 move about energetically; teem. David and the children bustled about the house getting in each other's way as they tried to pack for the camping trip. The whole house bustled with activity.

參 buttress v.支持 support; prop up. The attorney came up with several far-fetched arguments in a vain attempt to buttress his weak case, also n.

buxom adj.丰满的 plump; full-bosomed. Fashion models

are usually slim and willowy rather than buxom.

cabal n.阴谋集团 small group of persons secretly united

to promote their own interests. The cabal was defeated

when their scheme was discovered.

cache n.隐藏处 hiding place. The detectives followed the

suspect until he led them to the cache where he had stored

his loot. He had cached the cash in a bag for trash: it was a

hefty sum.

• cacophonous ad丄不悦耳的；不和谐的 discordant; inharmonious. Do the students in the orchestra enjoy the cacophonous sounds they make when they're tuning up? I don’t know how they can stand the racket, cacophony, n.

cadaver n.尸体 corpse. In some states, it is illegal to dissect cadavers.

cadaverous adj.死尸般的；苍白的 like a corpse; pale. By his cadaverous appearance, we could see how the disease had ravaged him.

cadence n.(声音）抑扬顿挫；节奏 rhythmic rise and fall (of words or sounds); beat. Marching down the road, the troops sang out, following the cadence set by the sergeant.

■	cajole v.哄骗 coax; wheedle. Diane tried to cajole her father into letting her drive the family car. cajolery, n.

calamity n.灾难 disaster; misery. As news of the calamity spread, offers of relief poured in to the stricken community.

■	calculated adj.有计戈!）的 deliberately planned; likely. Lexy’s choice of clothes to wear to the debate tournament was carefully calculated. Her conventional suit was one calculated to appeal to the conservative judges.

caldron n.大水壶 large kettle. "Why, Mr. Crusoe," said the savage heating the giant caldron, "we'd love to have you for dinner!"
caliber n.才干；质量 ability; quality. The scholarship committee searched for students of high caliber, ones with the intelligence and ability to be a credit to the school, calligraphy n.书法 beautiful writing; excellent penmanship. As we examine ancient manuscripts, we become impressed with the calligraphy of the scribes.

callous ad丄坚硬的；冷漠的 hardened; unfeeling. He had worked in the hospital for so many years that he was callous to the suffering in the wards, callus, n.

callow adj.年轻无经验的；未成熟的youthful; immature; inexperienced. As a freshman, Jack was sure he was a man of the world; as a sophomore, he made fun of freshmen as ca//ow youths. In both cases, his judgment showed just how callow he was.

calorific adj.生热的 heat-producing. Coal is much more calorific than green wood.

calumny n. 谤 malicious misrepresentation; slander. He could endure his financial failure, but he could not bear the calumny that his foes heaped upon him.

camaraderie n.同志的友爱 good-fellowship. What he loved best about his job was the sense of camaraderie he and his co- workers shared.

cameo n.石雕或贝雕；名演员客串shell or jewel carved in relief; star’s special appearance in a minor role in a film. Don't buy cameos from the street peddlers in Rome: the workmanship is wretched. Did you catch Bill Murray’s cameo in Little Shop of Horrors? He was on-screen so briefly that if you blinked you missed him.

camouflage v.伪装 disguise; conceal. In order to rescue Han Solo, Princess Leia camouflaged herself in the helmet and cloak of a space bandit.

■ candor n.坦白 frankness; open honesty. Jack can carry candor too far: when he told Jill his honest opinion of her, she nearly slapped his face, candid, adj.

canine adj.犬的 related to dogs; dog-like. Some days the canine population of Berkeley seems almost to outnumber the human population.

canny adj.精明的；节约的 shrewd; thrifty. The canny Scotsman was more than a match for the swindlers.

cant n.也善的话！黑话 insincere expressions of piety; jargon of thieves. Shocked by news of the minister's extramarital love affairs, the worshippers dismissed his talk about the sacredness of marriage as mere cant. Cant is a form of hypocrisy: those who can, pray; those who cant, pretend.

cantankerous adj.脾气不好的 ill humored; irritable. Constantly complaining about his treatment and refusing to cooperate with the hospital staff, he was a cantankerous patient.

cantata n.大合唱 story set to music, to be sung by a chorus. The choral society sang the new cantata composed by its leader.

canter n.慢跑 slow gallop. Because the racehorse had outdistanced its competition so easily, the reporter wrote that the race was won in a canter, also v.

Word List 8 canto-chameleon

canto n.长诗中的篇章 division of a long poem. Dante's poetic masterpiece The Divine Comedy is divided into cantos.

canvass v.拉选票 determine votes, etc. After canvassing the sentiments of his constituents, the congressman was confident that he represented the majority opinion of his district. also n.

capacious adj.宽敞的 spacious. In the capacious rotunda of the railroad terminal, thousands of travelers lingered while waiting for their train.

capacity n.育旨力，會旨，容量 mental or physical ability; role; ability to accommodate. Mike had the capacity to handle several jobs at once. In his capacity as president of SelecTronics he marketed an electronic dictionary with a capacity of 200,000 words.

capitulate v.投降 surrender. The enemy was warned to capitulate or face annihilation.

caprice n.行动的突然变化；怪念头sudden, unexpected fancy; whim. On a caprice, Jack tried drag-racing, but paid the price—his father took his Chevy Caprice away from him.

■ capricious adj.变化无常的 unpredictable; fickle. The storm was capricious: it changed course constantly. Jill was capricious, too: she changed boyfriends almost as often as she changed clothes.

caption n.标题；字幕 title; chapter heading; text under illustration. The captions that accompany The Far Side cartoons are almost as funny as the pictures, also v. captivate v.迷住 charm or enthrall.巳art and Lisa were captivated by their new nanny's winning manner, carat n.克拉 unit of weight for precious stones; measure of fineness of gold. He gave her a three-ca厂af diamond mounted in an eighteen-cara^ gold band.

cardinal adj.主要的 chief. If you want to increase your word power, the cardinal rule of vocabulary-building is to read.

•	cardiologist n.心脏病学专家 doctor specializing in the heart. When the pediatrician noticed Philip had a slight heart murmur, she referred him to a cardiologist for further tests.

careen v.倾斜 lurch; sway from side to side. The taxicab careenec/wildly as it rounded the corner.

caricature n.讽刺画，漫画 exaggerated picture or description; distortion. The cartoonist's caricature of President Bush grossly exaggerated the size of the president's ears, also v.

carnage n.屠杀 destruction of life. The film The Killing Fields vividly depicts the carnage wreaked by Pol Pot’s followers in Cambodia.

carnal adj.肉体的 fleshly. Is the public more interested in carnal pleasures than in spiritual matters? Compare the number of people who read Playboy daily to the number of those who read the Bible or Koran every day.

carnivorous adj.食肉的 meat-eating. The lion's a carnivorous beast. A hunk of meat makes up his feast. A cow is not a carnivore. She likes the taste of grain, not gore.

•	carping adj.吹毛求疵的 finding fault. A carping critic is a nit-picker: he loves to point out flaws. If you don’t like this definition, feel free to carp.

cartographer n.地图®J作者 map-maker. Though not a professional cartographer, Tolkien was able to construct a
map of his fictional world.

cascade n.小瀑布 small waterfall. On such a hot day, the hikers felt refreshed by the spray from the series of cascades pouring down the side of the cliff.

castigate v.严厉惩罚 criticize severely; punish. When the teacher threatened that she would castigate the mischievous boys if they didn't behave, they shaped up in a hurry.

casualty n.事古女；伤亡 serious or fatal accident. The number of automotive casualties on this holiday weekend was high.

cataclysm n.大灾难 violent upheaval; deluge. The Russian Revolution was a political and social cataclysm that overturned czarist society, cataclysmic, adj.

catalyst n.催化剂 agent which brings about a chemical change while it remains unaffected and unchanged. Many chemical reactions cannot take place without the presence of a catalyst.

catapult n.弹弓，弹射器 slingshot; a hurling machine. Airplanes are sometimes launched from battleships by catapults. also v.

cataract n.大瀑布；白内障 great waterfall; eye abnormality. She gazed with awe at the mighty cataract known as Niagara Falls.

catastrophe n.大灾难 calamity; disaster. The 1906 San Francisco earthquake was a catastrophe that destroyed most of the city. A similar earthquake striking today could have even more catastrophic results.

catcall n.嘘声 shout of disapproval; boo. Every major league pitcher has off days during which he must learn to ignore the catcalls and angry hisses from the crowd.

catechism n.教义问答手册 book for religious instruction; instruction by question and answer. He taught by engaging his pupils in a catechism until they gave him the correct answer.

categorical adj.绝对的，完全的 without exceptions; unqualified; absolute. Though the captain claimed he was never, never sick at sea, he finally had to qualify his categorical denial: he was "hardly ever" sick at sea.

cater to v.迎合 supply something desired (whether good or bad). The chef was happy to cater to the tastes of his highly sophisticated clientele. Critics condemned the movie industry for catering to the public's ever-increasing appetite for violence.

catharsis n.通便；宣泄 purging or cleansing of any passage of the body. Aristotle maintained that tragedy created a catharsis by purging the soul of base concepts.

catholic adj.广泛的，普遍的；宽容的broadly sympathetic; liberal. He was extremely catholic in his taste and read everything he could find in the library.

caucus n.政党会议 private meeting of members of a party to select officers or determine policy. At the opening of Congress, the members of the Democratic Party held a caucus to elect the Majority Leader of the House and the Party Whip.

caulk v.填塞 make watertight by filling in cracks. Jack had to caulk the tiles in the shower stall to stop the leak into the basement below.

causal adj.因果关系的 implying a cause-and-effect relationship. The psychologist maintained there was a causal relationship between the nature of one's early childhood

experiences and one's adult personality, causality, n.

caustic adj.腐的；亥1j薄的 burning; sarcastically biting. The critic’s caustic comments angered the actors, who resented his cutting remarks.

cavalcade n.队伍 procession; parade. As described by Chaucer, the cavalcade of Canterbury pilgrims was a motley group.

cavalier adj.傲慢的；怠慢的 offhand or casual; haughty. The disguised prince resented the cavalier \Nay in which the palace guards treated him. How dared they handle a member of the royal family so unceremoniously!

cavil v.挑剔；吹毛求疵 make frivolous objections. It's fine when you make sensible criticisms, but it really bugs me when you cav" about unimportant details, also n. cede v.屈服；割让 yield (title, territory) to; surrender formally. Eventually the descendants of England's Henry II were forced to cede their French territories to the King of France.

celebrated adj.著名的 famous; well-known. Thanks to their race to break Roger Maris's home-run record, Sammy Sosa and Mark McGwire are two of America's most celebrated baseball players, celebrity, n.

celerity n.快速 speed; rapidity. Hamlet resented his mother's celerity in remarrying within a month after his father’s death.

celestial adj.天空的 heavenly; relating to the sky. Pointing his primitive telescope at the heavens, Galileo explored the celestial mysteries.

celibate adj.单身的，禁欲的 unmarried; abstaining from sexual intercourse. Though Havelock Ellis wrote extensively about sexual practices, recent studies maintain he was celibate throughout his life, celibacy, n.

censor n.检查员 overseer of morals; person who reads to eliminate inappropriate remarks. Soldiers dislike having their mail read by a censor but understand the need for this precaution, also v.

■	censorious adj.挑剔的，吹毛求疵的 critical. Censorious people delight in casting blame.

■	censure v.责备，批评 blame; criticize. The senator was censured for behavior inappropriate to a member of Congress. also n.

centigrade adj.摄氏度的 measure of temperature used widely in Europe. On the centigrade thermometer, the freezing point of water is zero degrees.

centrifugal adj.离'已、的 radiating; departing from the cen-
ter. Many automatic drying machines remove excess moisture from clothing by centrifugal force, centripetal adj.向心的 tending toward the center. Does centripetal force or the force of gravity bring orbiting bodies to the earth's surface?

centurion n.百夫长(古罗马的军官，指挥百人）Roman army officer. Because he was in command of a company of one hundred soldiers, he was called a centurion.

cerebral adj.大脑的 pertaining to the brain or intellect. The heroes of Dumb and Dumber were poorly equipped for cerebral pursuits.

cerebration n.思考 thought. Mathematics problems sometimes require much cerebration. ceremonious adj.隆重的 marked by formality. Ordinary dress would be inappropriate at so ceremonious an affair.

• certitude n.确信 certainty. Though there was no certitude of his getting the job, Lou thought he had a good chance of doing so.

cessation n.停止 stoppage. The airline's employees threatened a cessation of all work if management failed to meet their demands, cease, v.

cession n.转让 yielding to another; ceding. The cession of Alaska to the United States is discussed in this chapter, chafe v.擦热 warm by rubbing; make sore (by rubbing). Chilled, he chafed his hands before the fire. The collar of his school uniform chafed Tom's neck, but not as much the school's strict rules chafed his spirit, also n.

chaff n.谷壳；废物 worthless products of an endeavor. When you separate the wheat from the chaff, be sure you throw out the chaff.

chaffing adj.玩笑的，嘲弄的 bantering; joking. Sometimes Chad’s flippant, chaffing remarks annoy us. Still, Chad's chaffing keeps us laughing, also n.

chagrin n.懊恼，委屈 vexation (caused by humiliation or injured pride); disappointment. Embarrassed by his parents' shabby, working-class appearance, Doug felt their visit to his school would bring him nothing but chagrin. Someone filled with chagrin doesn't grin: he's too mortified.

chalice	圣餐杯 goblet; consecrated cup. In a small

room adjoining the cathedral, many ornately decorated chalices made by the most famous European goldsmiths were on display.

chameleon n.变色龙 lizard that changes color in different situations. Like the chameleon, he assumed the political thinking of every group he met.
Word List 9 champion-colander

champion v.捍卫！拥护，支持 support militantly. Martin Luther King, Jr., won the Nobel Peace Prize because he championed the oppressed in their struggle for equality, chaotic adj.混乱的 in utter disorder. He tried to bring order into the chaotic state of affairs, chaos, n.

charisma n.感召力，超凡魅力 divine gift; great popular charm or appeal of a political leader Political commentators have deplored the importance of a candidate's charisma in these days of television campaigning.

• charlatan n.吹牛者，骗子 quack; pretender to knowledge. When they realized that the Wizard didn't know how to get them back to Kansas, Dorothy and her companions were indignant that they'd been duped by a charlatan.
chary adj.谨慎的 cautious; sparing or restrained about giving. A prudent, thrifty, New Englander, DeWitt was as chary of investing money in junk bonds as he was chary of paying people unnecessary compliments.

chasm n.峡谷.：深渊 abyss. Looking down from the Cliffs of Doom, Frodo and his companions could not see the bottom of the chasm.

chassis n.底盘 framework and working parts of an automobile. Examining the car after the accident, the owner discovered that the body had been ruined but that the chassis was unharmed.

chaste adj.贞洁的，朴素的 pure; virginal; modest. To ensure that his bride would stay chaste while he was off to

the wars, the crusader had her fitted out with a chastity belt, chastity, n.

chasten v.惩戒，通过责罚使改正 discipline; punish in -order to correct. Whom God loves, God chastens.

chastise v.惩罚 punish... "Spare the rod and spoil the child" was Miss Watson's motto: she relished whipping Huck with a birch rod to chastise him.

chauvinist n.盲目的爱国者 blindly devoted patriot. A chauvinist cannot recognize any faults in his country, no matter how flagrant they may be. Likewise, a male chauvinist cannot recognize his bias in favor of his own sex, no matter how flagrant that may be. chauvinistic, adj. check v.阻止，制止 stop motion; curb or restrain. Thrusting out her arm, Grandma checked Bobby's lunge at his sister. "Young man," she said, "you’d better check your temper.” (secondary meaning)

checkered adj.多变的，盛衰无常的 marked by changes in fortune. During his checkered career he had lived in palatial mansions and in dreary boardinghouses.

cherubic adj.天使的，天真无邪的 angelic; innocent-looking. With her cheerful smile and rosy cheeks, she was a particularly cherubic child.

chicanery n.欺骗 trickery; deception. Those sneaky lawyers misrepresented what occurred, made up all sorts of implausible alternative scenarios to confuse the jurors, and in general depended on chicanery to win the case, chide v.斥责 scold. Grandma began to chide Steven for his lying.

chimerical ad丄空想的，异想天开的 fantastically improbable; highly unrealistic; imaginative. As everyone expected, Ted’s chimerical scheme to make a fortune by raising ermines in his back yard proved a dismal failure, chisel n.凿子 wedgelike tool for cutting. With his hammer and chisel, the sculptor chipped away at the block of marble.

chisel v.欺骗；用凿子凿 swindle or cheat; cut with a chisel. That crook chiseled me out of a hundred dollars when he sold me that "marble" statue he’d chiseled out of some cheap hunk of rock.

chivalrous adj.勇武的 courteous; faithful; brave. Chivalrous behavior involves noble words and good deeds.

choleric adj.月卑气暴躁的 hot-tempered. His flushed, angry face indicated a choleric nature.

choreography n.编舞术，舞蹈(作品）art of representing dances in written symbols; arrangement of dances. Merce Cunningham uses a computer in designing choreography. a software program allows him to compose sequences of possible moves and immediately view them on-screen.

chortle v.咯咯笑 chuckle with delight. When she heard that her rival had just been jailed for embezzlement, she chortled with joy. She was not a nice lady.

chronic adj.慢性的 long established as a disease. The doctors were finally able to attribute his chronic headaches and nausea to traces of formaldehyde gas in his apartment.

chronicle v.记录，记载（按年月日顺序）report; record (in chronological order). The gossip columnist was paid to chronicle the latest escapades of the socially prominent celebrities, also n.

churlish adj.粗野的 boorish; rude. Dismayed by his churlish manners at the party, the girls vowed never to invite him again.
cipher n.密码 secret code. Lacking his code book, the spy was unable to decode the message sent to him in cipher.

cipher n.无足轻重的人或物 nonentity; worthless person or thing. She claimed her ex-husband was a total cipher and wondered why she had ever married him.

circuitous adj.迂回的 roundabout. To avoid the traffic congestion on the main highways, she took a circuitous route, circuit, n.

• circumlocution n.婉转迂回的表述 indirect or roundabout expression. He was afraid to call a spade a spade and resorted to circumlocutions to avoid direct reference to his subject.

circumscribe v.限制 limit; confine. School regulations circumscribed Elie's social life: she hated having to follow rules that limited her activities.

circumspect adj.十真重的，周到的 prudent; cautious. Investigating before acting, she tried always to be circumspect.

circumvent v.困惑，智取，包围 outwit; baffle. In order to circumvent the enemy, we will make two preliminary attacks in other sections before starting our major campaign, cistern n.蓄水池，塔 reservoir or water tank. The farmers were able to withstand the dry season by using rainwater they had stored in an underground cistern.

citadel n.堡垒 fortress. The citadel overlooked the city like a protecting angel.

cite v.弓|用 quote; command. She could cite passages in the Bible from memory, citation, n.

civil adj.公民的，有礼貌的 having to do with citizens or the state; courteous and polite. Although Internal Revenue Service agents are civil servants, they are not always civil to suspected tax cheats.

clairvoyant adj.;n.有洞察力的，有洞察力的人having foresight; fortuneteller. Cassandra's clairvoyant warning was not heeded by the Trojans, clairvoyance, n.

clamber v.攀登 climb by crawling. She clambered over the wall.

clamor n.嗔|词 noise. The clamor of the children at play outside made it impossible for her to take a nap. also v.

clandestine adj. $必密的 secret. After avoiding their chaperon, the lovers had a clandestine meeting, clangor n. 声 loud, resounding noise. The blacksmith was accustomed to the clangor of hammers on steel.

clapper n.铃锤，钟锤 striker (tongue) of a bell. Wishing to be undisturbed by the bell, Dale wound his scarf around the clapper to muffle the noise of its striking.

clasp n.扣环；紧握 fastening device; firm grip. When the clasp on Judy's bracelet broke, Fred repaired it, bending the hook back into shape. He then helped her slip on the bracelet, holding it firm in the sure clasp of his hand.

claustrophobia n.幽闭恐怖症 fear of being locked in. His fellow classmates laughed at his claustrophobia and often threatened to lock him in his room.

cleave v.劈开；黏着；忠于 split or sever; cling to; remain faithful to. With her heavy cleaver, Julia Child can cleave a whole roast duck in two. Soaked through, the soldier tugged at the uniform that cleaved annoyingly to his body. He would cleave to his post, come rain or shine.

cleft n.裂缝 split. Trying for a fresh handhold, the mountain-climber grasped the edge of a cleft in the sheer rock-face. also ADJ.

clemency n.温和，仁慈 disposition to be lenient; mildness, as of the weather. The lawyer was pleased when the case was sent to Judge Smith's chambers because Smith was noted for her clemency toward first offenders, clench v.紧握 close tightly; grasp. "Open wide," said the dentist, but Clint clenched his teeth even more tightly than before.

• cliche n.陈词滥调 phrase dulled in meaning by repetition. High school compositions are often marred by such cliches as "strong as an ox."

clientele n.顾客 body of customers. The rock club attracted a young, stylish clientele.

climactic adj.顶点的 relating to the highest point. When he reached the climactic portions of the book, he could not stop reading, climax, n.

clime n.地方,气候 region; climate. His doctor advised him to move to a milder clime.

clip n.剪报；剪取的一段电影胶片section of filmed material. Phil's job at Fox Sports involved selecting clips of the day's sporting highlights for later broadcast, also v. clique n.私党，派系 small exclusive group. Fitzgerald wished that he belonged to the clique of popular athletes and big men on campus who seemed to run Princeton's social life.

cloister n.修道院 monastery or convent. The nuns lived a secluded life in the cloister.

clout n.影响 great influence (especially political or social). Gatsby wondered whether he had enough clout to be admitted to the exclusive club.

cloying adj.(因过量而）倒胃口的，使人腻烦的distasteful (because excessive); excessively sweet or sentimental. Disliking the cloying sweetness of standard wedding cakes, Jody and Tom chose to have homemade carrot cake at the reception, cloy, v.

clump n.块，团；树丛；笨重的声音cluster or close group (of bushes, trees); mass; sound of heavy treading. Hiding behind the clump of bushes, the fugitives waited for the heavy clump of the soldiers' feet to fade away.

coagulate v.凝结 thicken; congeal; clot. Even after you remove the pudding from the burner, it will continue to coagulate as it stands; therefore, do not overcook the pudding, lest it become too thick.

參 coalesce v.接合,熔合 combine; fuse. The brooks coalesce into one large river. When minor political parties coalesce, their coalescence may create a major coalition, coalition n.联盟 partnership; league; union. The Rainbow Coalition united people of all races in a common cause, coddle v.溺爱 to treat gently. Don't coddle the children so much; they need a taste of discipline.

codicil n.遗嘱的附录 supplement to the body of a will.
Miss Havisham kept her lawyers busy drawing up codicils to add to her already complicated will.

codify v.编成法典；整理 arrange (laws, rules) as a code; classify. We need to take the varying rules and regulations of the different health agencies and codify them into a national health code.

■ coercion n.强迫 use of force to get someone to obey. The inquisitors used both physical and psychological coercion to force Joan of Arc to deny that her visions were sent by God. coerce, v.

cogent adj.使人信服的 convincing. It was inevitable that David chose to go to Harvard: he had several cogent reasons for doing so, including a full-tuition scholarship. Katya argued her case with such cogency that the jury had to decide in favor of her client.

cogitate v.、思考 think over. Cogitate on this problem; the solution will come.

cognate adj.同词源的，同类的 related linguistically: allied by blood: similar or akin in nature. The English word "mother" is cognate to the Latin word "mater,” whose influence is visible in the words “maternal" and “maternity." also n.

cognitive adj.认知的 having to do with knowing or perceiving; related to the mental processes. Though Jack was emotionally immature, his cognitive development was admirable; he was very advanced intellectually, cognizance n.认识 knowledge. During the election campaign, the two candidates were kept in full cognizance of the international situation.

cohere v.黏合 stick together. Solids have a greater tendency to cohere than liquids.

cohesion n.结合，凝聚 tendency to keep together. A firm believer in the maxim "Divide and conquer," the evil emperor, by means of lies and trickery, sought to disrupt . the cohesion of the federation of free nations.

coiffure n.发式 hairstyle. You can make a statement with your choice of coiffure: in the sixties many African-Americans affirmed their racial heritage by wearing their hair in Afros.

coin v.铸造(硬币)：发明，创造 make coins; invent or fabricate. Mints coin good money; counterfeiters coin fakes. Slanderers coin nasty rumors; writers coin words. A neologism is an expression that's been ne吻-coined.

coincidence n.巧合 two or more things occurring at the same time by chance. Was it just a coincidence that John and she had chanced to meet at the market for three days running, or was he deliberately trying to seek her out? coincidental, ADJ.

colander n.滤器 utensil with perforated bottom used for straining. Before serving the spaghetti, place it in a colander to drain it.
Word List 10 collaborate-congenital

collaborate v.合作 work together. Two writers collaborated in preparing this book.

collage n.拼贴画，拼贴艺术 work of art put together from fragments. Scraps of cloth, paper doilies, and old photographs all went into her collage.
collate v.核对，整理 examine in order to verify authenticity; arrange in order. They collated the newly found manuscripts to determine their age.

collateral n.担保物 security given for loan. The sum you wish to borrow is so large that it must be secured by collateral.

•	colloquial adj. 口语的 pertaining to conversational or common speech. Some of the new, less formal reading passages on the SAT have a colloquial tone that is intended to make them more appealing to students.

collusion n.勾结 conspiring in a fraudulent scheme. The swindlers were found guilty of collusion. colossal adj.巨大的 huge. Radio City Music Hall has a colossal stage.

comatose adj.昏迷的，昏睡的 in a coma; extremely sleepy. The longwinded orator soon had his audience in a comatose state.

•	combustible adj.易燃的 easily burned. After the recent outbreak of fires in private homes, the fire commissioner ordered that all combustible materials be kept in safe containers. also n.

comely adj.清秀的，标致的 attractive; agreeable. I would rather have a poor and comely wife than a rich and homely one.

comeuppance n.报应 rebuke; deserts. After his earlier rudeness, we were delighted to see him get his comeuppance.

commandeer v.征募；征用 to draft for military purposes; to take for public use. The policeman commandeered the first car that approached and ordered the driver to go to the nearest hospital.

■	commemorate v.纪念 honor the memory of. The statue of the Minute Man commemorates the valiant soldiers who fought in the Revolutionary War.

commensurate adj.相当的 equal in extent. Your reward will be commensurate with your effort.'

commiserate v.同情 feel or express pity or sympathy for. Her friends commiserated with the widow.

-commodious adj.宽敞舒适的 spacious and comfortable. After sleeping in small roadside cabins, they found their hotel suite commodious.

communal adj.公共的；社区的 held in common; of a group of people. When they were divorced, they had trouble dividing their communal property.

compact n.契约 agreement; contract. The signers of the Mayflower Compact\Nere establishing a form of government.

compact adj.挤满的，紧凑的，简洁的tightly packed; firm; brief. His short, compact body was better suited to wrestling than to basketball.

comparable adj.相似的 similar. People whose jobs are comparable in difficulty should receive comparable pay.

compatible adj.兼容的；和谐的 harmonious; in harmony with. They were compatible neighbors, never quarreling over unimportant matters, compatibility, n.

compelling adj.强迫的！有说服力的 overpowering; irresistible in effect. The prosecutor presented a well-reasoned case, but the defense attorney's compelling arguments for leniency won over the jury.

compensatory adj.补偿的 making up for; repaying. Can a compensatory education program make up for the inadequate schooling he received in earlier years?

■	compile v.汇集，聚集 assemble; gather; accumulate. We planned to compile a list of the words most frequently used on SAT examinations.

■	complacency n.自满 self-satisfaction; smugness. Full of complacency about his latest victories, he looked smugly at the row of trophies on his mantelpiece, complacent, adj.
complaisant adj.殷勤的 trying to please; obliging. Always ready to accede to his noble patron's wishes, Mr. Collins was a complaisant, even obsequious, character.

complement v.补充，补足 complete; consummate; make perfect. The waiter recommended a glass of port to complement the cheese, also n.

• complementary adj.补充的 serving to complete something. John and Lisa's skills are complementary', he's good at following a daily routine, while she's great at improvising and handling emergencies. Together they make a great team.

■	compliance n.顺从 readiness to yield; conformity in fulfilling requirements. Bullheaded Bill was not noted for easy compliance with the demands of others. As an architect, however, Bill recognized that his design for the new school had to be in compliance with the local building code, compliant adj. Ji顷从的 yielding. Because Joel usually gave in and went along with whatever his friends desired, his mother worried that he might be too compliant.

complicity n.同谋，共犯 participation; involvement. You cannot keep your complicity in this affair secret very long； you would be wise to admit your involvement immediately.

component n.要素 element; ingredient. I wish all the components of my stereo system were working at the same time.

■	composure n.镇定 mental calmness. Even the latest work crisis failed to shake her composure.

compound v.混合，组合.使增加 combine; constitute; pay interest; increase. The makers of the popular cold remedy compounded a nasal decongestant with an antihistamine. also n.

■	comprehensive adj.全面的 thorough; inclusive. This book provides a comprehensive review of verbal and math skills for the SAT.

compress v.压缩，塞挤 close; squeeze; contract. She compressed the package under her arm. comprise v.包括 include; consist of. If the District of Columbia were to be granted statehood, the United States of America would comprise fifty-one states, not just fifty.

compromise v.妥协》 危害 adjust or settle by making mutual concessions; endanger the interests or reputation of. Sometimes the presence of a neutral third party can help adversaries compromise their differences. Unfortunately, you're not neutral; therefore, your presence here compromises our chances of reaching an agreement, also n. compunction n.后悔 remorse. The judge was especially severe in his sentencing because he felt that the criminal had shown no compunction for his heinous crime.

compute v.计算5 推断 reckon; calculate. He failed to compute the interest, so his bank balance was not accurate, computation, N.

concave adj.凹的 hollow. The back-packers found partial shelter from the storm by huddling against the concave wall of the cliff.

■	concede v.承认；退让 admit; yield. Despite all the evi-

dence Monica had assembled, Mark refused to concede that she was right.	-

conceit n.自负 vanity or self-love; whimsical idea; extravagant metaphor. Although Jack was smug and puffed up with conceit, he was an entertaining companion, always expressing himself in amusing conceits and witty turns of phrase.
concentric adj.同中心的 having a common center. The target was made of concentric circles.

conception n.开始！观念 beginning; forming of an idea. At the first conception of the work, he was consulted, conceive, v.

concerted adj.商定的；共同完成的 mutually agreed on;, done together. All the Girl Scouts made a concerted effort to raise funds for their annual outing. When the movie star appeared, his fans let out a concerted sigh.

concession n.让步 an act of yielding. Before they could reach an agreement, both sides had to make certain concessions.

■	conciliatory adj.抚慰的 reconciling; soothing. She was still angry despite his conciliatory words, conciliate, v.

■	concise adj.简明的 brief and compact. When you define a new word, be concise: the shorter the definition, the easier it is to remember.

conclusive adj.决定性的，确实的 decisive; ending all debate. When the stolen books turned up in John's locker, we finally had conclusive evidence of the identity of the mysterious thief.

concoct v.调制 prepare by combining; make up in concert. How did the inventive chef ever concoct such a strange dish? concoction, n.

concomitant n.伴随物 that which accompanies. Culture is not always a concomitant of wealth, also adj.

concord n.和谐 harmony; agreement between people or things. Watching Tweedledum and Tweedledee battle, Alice wondered at their lack of concord.

■	concur v.同意 agree. Did you concur with the decision of the court or did you find it unfair?

concurrent adj.同时发生的 happening at the same time. In America, the colonists were resisting the demands of the mother country; at the concurrent moment in France, the middle class was sowing the seeds of rebellion, condemn v.谴责；判刑 censure; sentence; force or limit to a particular state. In My Cousin Vinnie, Vinnie's fiancee condemned Vinnie for mishandling his cousin Tony's defense. If Vinnie didn’t do a better job defending Tony, the judge would condemn Tony to death, and Vinnie would be condemned to cleaning toilets for a living.

condense v.浓缩，精简 make more compact or dense; shorten or abridge; reduce into a denser form. If you squeeze a slice of Wonder Bread, taking out the extra air, you can condense it into a pellet the size of a sugar cube. If you cut out the unnecessary words from your essay, you can condense it to a paragraph. As the bathroom cooled down, the steam from the shower condensed into droplets of water.

condescend v.谦逊，屈尊 act conscious of descending to a lower level; patronize. Though Jill had been a star softball player in college, when she played a pickup game at the park she never condescended to her less experienced teammates, condescension, n.

condiments n.调味品 seasonings; spices. The chef seasoned the dish with so much garlic that we could hardly taste the other condiments.

condole v.慰问 express sympathetic sorrow. His friends gathered to condole with him over his loss, condolence, n.

■	condone v.宽恕，容忍 overlook; forgive; give tacit approval; excuse. Unlike Widow Douglass, who condoned Hack's minor offenses, Miss Watson did nothing but scold.

conducive adj.有益的，有助的 contributive; tending to. Rest and proper diet are conducive to good health.

conduit n.沟渠 aqueduct; passageway for fluids. Water was brought to the army in the desert by an improvised conduit from the adjoining mountain.

confidant n.知己 trusted friend. He had no confidants with whom he could discuss his problems at home.

confine v.禁闭，限制 shut in; restrict. The terrorists had . confined their prisoner in a small room. However, they had not chained him to the wall or done anything else to confine his movements further, confinement, n.

confirm v.证实，力卩强 corroborate; verify; support. I have several witnesses who will confirm my account of what happened.

confiscate v.没收，征用 seize; commandeer. The army confiscated all available supplies of uranium.

■	conflagration n.大火 great fire. In the conflagration that followed the 1906 earthquake, much of San Francisco was destroyed.

• confluence n.汇合，交汇处 flowing together; crowd. They built the city at the confluence of two rivers.

conformity n. 一致 harmony; agreement. In conformity with our rules and regulations, I am calling a meeting of our organization.

■	confound v.使困惑，使混淆 confuse; puzzle. No mystery could confound Sherlock Holmes for long.

confrontation n.面对，对质，对抗 act of facing someone or something; encounter, often hostile. Morris hoped to avoid ar\y-.confrontations with his ex-wife, but he kept on running into her at the health club. How would you like to confront someone who can bench press 200 pounds? confront, v., confrontational, adj.

congeal v.冻结 freeze; coagulate. His blood congealed in his veins as he saw the dread monster rush toward him.

congenial adj.相宜的，合意的 pleasant; friendly. My father loved to go out for a meal with congenial companions.

congenital adj.天生的 existing at birth. Were you born stupid, or did you just turn out this way? In other words, is your idiocy acquired or congenital? Doctors are able to cure some congenital deformities such as cleft palates by performing operations on infants.
Word List 11 conglomeration-countermand

conglomeration n.团块，混合物 mass of material sticking together. In such a conglomeration of miscellaneous statistics, it was impossible to find a single area of analysis, congruent adj. 一致的 in agreement; corresponding. In formulating a hypothesis, we must keep it congruent with
what we know of the real world; it cannot disagree with our experience.

conifer n.松类 pine tree; cone-bearing tree. According to geologists, the conifers were the first plants to bear flowers.

• conjecture v.推测，猜测 surmise; guess. Although there was no official count, the organizers conjectured that more than 10,000 marchers took part in the March for Peace, also N.

conjugal adj.婚姻的 pertaining to marriage. Their dreams of conjugal bliss were shattered as soon as their temperaments clashed.

conjure v.召唤，变戏法，想象 summon a devil; practice magic; imagine or invent. Sorcerers conjure devils to appear. Magicians conjure white rabbits out of hats. Political candidates conjure up images of reformed cities and a world at peace.

connivance n.纵容，默许 assistance; pretense of ignorance of something wrong; permission to offend. With the connivance of his friends, he plotted to embarrass the teacher, connive, v.

connoisseur n.鉴赏家.person competent to act as a judge of art, etc.; a lover of an art. She had developed into a connoisseur of fine china.

connotation n.内涵 suggested or implied meaning of an expression. Foreigners frequently are unaware of the connotations of the words they use.

connubial adj.女昏女因的 pertaining to marriage or the matrimonial state. In his telegram, he wished the newlyweds a lifetime of connubial bliss.

conscientious adj.尽责的，谨慎的 scrupulous; careful. A conscientious editor, she checked every definition for its accuracy.

consecrate v.献给 dedicate; sanctify. We shall consecrate our lives to this noble purpose.

■ consensus n. 一致同意 general agreement. Every time the garden club members had nearly reached a consensus about what to plant, Mistress Mary, quite contrary, disagreed.

consequential adj.自命不凡的，自大的；重要的pompous; important; self-important. Convinced of his own importance, the actor strutted about the dressing room with a consequential a\r.

conservatory n.音乐学校 school of the fine arts (especially music or drama). A gifted violinist, Marya was selected to study at the conservatory.

consign v.托运；委托；拨出 deliver officially; entrust; set apart. The court consigned the child to her paternal grandmother's care, consignment, n.

consistency n. 一致'性,连贯 14;密度 absence of contradictions; dependability; uniformity; degree of thickness. Holmes judged puddings and explanations on their consistency: he liked his puddings without lumps and his explanations without improbabilities.

console v.安慰，慰藉 lessen sadness or disappointment; give comfort. When her father died, Marius did his best to console Cosette.

consolidation n.联合，巩固 unification; process of becoming firmer or stronger. The recent consolidation of several small airlines into one major company has left observers of the industry wondering whether room still exists for the "little guy" in aviation, consolidate, v. consonance n.和谐，一致 harmony; agreement. Her agitation seemed out of consonance with her usual calm, consort v.结交 associate with. We frequently judge people by the company with whom they consort.

consort n.配偶 husband or wife. The search for a consort for the young Queen Victoria ended happily.
conspicuous adj.明显的，显著的 easily seen; noticeable; striking. Janet was conspicuous both for her red hair and for her height.

conspiracy n.明谋 treacherous plot. Brutus and Cassius joined in the conspiracy io kill Julius Caesar, conspire, v.

constituent n.选民，选举人 supporter. The congressman received hundreds of letters from angry constituents after the Equal Rights Amendment failed to pass.

■	constraint n.强制，约束 compulsion; repression of feelings. There was a feeling of constraint in the room because no one dared to criticize the speaker, constrain, v. construe v.解释 explain; interpret. If I construe your remarks correctly, you disagree with the theory already advanced.

consummate adj.完成 complete. I have never seen anyone who makes as many stupid errors as you do; what a consummate idiot you are! also v.

contagion n.传染 infection. Fearing contagion, they took great steps to prevent the spread of the disease, contaminate v.污染 pollute. The sewage system of the city so contaminated the water that swimming was forbidden.

contemporary n.同时代的人 person belonging to the same period. Though Charlotte Bronte and George Eliot were contemporaries, the two novelists depicted their Victorian world in markedly different ways, also adj. contempt n.轻视，蔑视 scorn; disdain. The heavyweight boxer looked on ordinary people with contempt, scorning them as weaklings who couldn't hurt a fly. We thought it was contemptible of him to be contemptuous of people for being weak.	.

■	contend v.斗争，竞争；声称 struggle; compete; assert earnestly. Sociologist Harry Edwards contends that young black athletes are exploited by some college recruiters.

contention n.主张，论点 claim; thesis. It is our contention that, if you follow our tactics, you will boost your score on the SAT. contend, v.

■	contentious adj.好争吵的 quarrelsome. Disagreeing violently with the referees' ruling, the coach became so contentious that threy threw him out of the game.

contest v.争辩 dispute. The defeated candidate attempted to contest the election results, context n.上下文 writings preceding and following the passage quoted. Because these lines are taken out of context, they do not convey the message the author intended, contiguous adj.邻近的 adjacent to; touching upon. The two countries are contiguous for a few miles; then they are separated by the gulf.

continence n.自制，节欲 self-restraint; sexual chastity. At the convent, Connie vowed to lead a life of continence. The question was, could Connie be content with always being continent?	-

contingent adj.因事而定的，依条件而定的dependent on; conditional. Caroline's father informed her that any raise in her allowance was contingent on the quality of her final grades, contingency, n.

contingent n.代表团 group that makes up part of a gathering. The New York contingent of delegates at the Democratic National Convention was a boisterous, sometimes rowdy lot.

contortions n.扭歪，弯曲 twistings; distortions. As the effects of the opiate wore away, the contortions of the

patient became more violent and demonstrated how much pain she was enduring.

contraband n.;adj.违法交易；违禁的 illegal trade; smuggling. The Coast Guard tries to prevent traffic in contraband goods.

■	contract v.收缩；订约，感染 compress or shrink; make a pledge; catch a disease. Warm metal expands; cold metal contracts.

contravene v.违反，反驳 contradict; oppose; infringe on or transgress. Mr. Barrett did not expect his frail daughter Elizabeth to contravene his will by eloping with Robert Browning.

contrite adj.深感懊悔的 penitent. Her contrite tears did not influence the judge when he imposed sentence, contrition, N.

contrived adj.做作的，非自发的 forced; artificial; not spontaneous. Feeling ill at ease with his new in-laws, James made a few contrived attempts at conversation and then retreated into silence.

controvert v.反驳，驳斥 oppose with arguments; attempt to refute; contradict. The witness's testimony was so clear and her reputation for honesty so well-established that the defense attorney decided it was wiser to make no attempt to controvert what she said.

contusion n.撞伤 bruise. Black and blue after her fall, Sue was treated for contusions and abrasions, conundrum n.谜语 riddle. During the long car ride, she invented conundrums to entertain the children, convene v.召集 assemble. Because much needed legislation had to be enacted, the governor ordered the legislature to convene in special session by January 15. convention n.习俗，惯例 social or moral custom; established practice. Flying in the face of convention, George Sand shocked society by taking lovers and wearing men's clothes.

conventional adj.常规的，习俗的 ordinary; typical. His conventional upbringing left him wholly unprepared for his wife's eccentric family.

• converge v.会聚，聚合 approach; tend to meet; come together. African-American men from all over the United States converged on Washington to take part in the historic Million Men march.

conversant adj.熟悉的 familiar with. The lawyer is conversant^'^ all the evidence.

converse n.相反的事物 opposite. The inevitable converse of peace is not war but annihilation.

converse v.谈话 chat; talk informally. Eva was all ears while Lulu and Lola conversed. Wasn’t it rude of her to eavesdrop on their conversation? conversation, n. convert n.扳依者 one who has adopted a different religion or opinion. On his trip to Japan, though the President spoke at length about the virtues of American automobiles, he made few converts to his beliefs, also v.

convex adj.凸面的 curving outward. He polished the convex lens of his telescope.

conveyance n.运输工具 vehicle; transfer. During the transit strike, commuters used various kinds of conveyances.

■	conviction n.宣告有罪；深信 judgment that someone is guilty of a crime; strongly held belief. Even her conviction for murder did not shake Peter's conviction that Harriet was innocent of the crime.
convivial adj.欢宴的，欢乐的 festive; gay; characterized by joviality. The convivial celebrators of the victory sang their college songs.

convoke v.召集 call together. Congress was convoked at the outbreak of the emergency, convocation, n.

convoluted adj.复杂的 coiled around; involved; intricate. The new tax regulations are so convoluted that even accountants have trouble following their twists and turns, copious adj.丰富的 plentiful. She had copious reasons for rejecting the proposal.

coquette n.卖弄风情 flirt. Because she refused to give him an answer to his proposal of marriage, he called her a coquette, also v.

■	cordial adj.热tfc的 gracious; heartfelt. Our hosts greeted us at the airport with a cordial welcome and a hearty hug. cordon n.封锁线 extended line of men or fortifications to prevent access or egress. The police cordon was so tight that the criminals could not leave the area, also v. cornucopia n.(象征丰饶的)丰饶角(通常用于绘画或雕刻中)； 大量 horn overflowing with fruit and grain; symbol of abundance. The encyclopedia salesman claimed the new edition was a veritable cor门ucopia of information, an inexhaustible source of knowledge for the entire family, corollary n.结果 consequence; accompaniment. Brotherly love is a complex emotion, with sibling rivalry its natural corollary.

coronation n.加冕礼 ceremony of crowning a queen or king. When the witches told Macbeth he would be king, they failed to warn him he would lose his crown soon after his coronation.

corporeal adj.身体的 bodily; material. The doctor had no patience with spiritual matters: his job was to attend to his patients' corporeal problems, not to minister to their souls, corpulent adj.月巴胖的 very fat. The corpulent man resolved to reduce, corpulence, n.

correlation n.相关(性）mutual relationship. He sought to determine the correlation that existed between ability in algebra and ability to interpret reading exercises, correlate, v., n.

■	corroborate v.确证，支持 confirm; support. Though Huck was quite willing to corroborate Tom's story, Aunt Polly knew better than to believe either of them.

•	corrode v.侵蚀 destroy by chemical action. The girders supporting the bridge corroded so gradually that no one suspected any danger until the bridge suddenly collapsed, corrosion, N.

corrosive adj.腐蚀的 eating away by chemicals or disease. Stainless steel is able to withstand the effects of corrosive chemicals, corrode, v.

•	corrugated adj.弄皱的，起皱的 wrinkled; ridged. She wished she could smooth away the wrinkles from his corrugated brow.

cosmic adj.宇宙的，极广阔的 pertaining to the universe; vast. Cosmic rays derive their name from the fact that they bombard the earth's atmosphere from outer space, cosmos, n. cosmopolitan adj.老练的=sophisticated. Her years in the capitol had transformed her into a cosmopolitan young woman highly aware of international affairs.

coterie n.同行，圈内人 group that meets socially; select circle. After his book had been published, he was invited to join the literary coterie that lunched daily at the hotel.

countenance v.赞同；宽容 approve; tolerate. He refused to countenance such rude behavior on their part.

countenance n.面容 face. When Jose saw his newborn daughter, a proud smile spread across his countenance.

countermand v.取消 cancel; revoke. The general countermanded the orders issued in his absence.
Word List 12 counterpart-decelerate

counterpart n.补充物，相似物 a thing that completes another; things very much alike. Night and day are counterparts, complementing one another.

coup n.突然而巧妙的行动，成功的一举highly successful action or sudden attack. As the news of his coup spread throughout Wall Street, his fellow brokers dropped by to congratulate him.

couple v.结合 join; unite. The Flying Karamazovs couple expert juggling and amateur joking in their nightclub act. courier n.信使 messenger. The publisher sent a special courier to pick up the manuscript.

covenant n.契约 agreement. We must comply with the terms of the covenant.

covert adj.秘密的，隐藏的 secret; hidden; implied. Investigations of the Central Intelligence Agency and other secret service networks reveal that such covert operations can get out of control.

covetous adj.贪婪的，占有欲强的 avaricious; eagerly desirous of. The child was covetous by nature and wanted to take the toys belonging to his classmates, covet, v. cow v.威吓 terrorize; intimidate. The little boy was so cowed by the hulking bully that he gave up his lunch money without a word of protest.

cower v.畏缩 shrink quivering, as from fear. The frightened child cowered in the corner of the room.

coy adj.害羞的，腼腆的 shy; modest; coquettish. Reluctant to commit herself so early in the game, Kay was coy in her answers to Ken's offer.

cozen v.欺骗，蒙蔽 cheat; hoodwink; swindle. He was the kind of individual who would cozen his friends in a cheap card game but remain eminently ethical in all business dealings.

crabbed adj.乖戾的，易怒的 sour; peevish. The crabbed old man was avoided by the children because he scolded them when they made noise.

craftiness n.狡猾 slyness; trickiness. In many Native American legends, the coyote is the clever trickster, the embodiment of craftiness, crafty, n.

crass adj.粗糙的 very unrefined; grossly insensible. The film critic deplored the crass commercialism of movie-makers who abandon artistic standards in order to make a quick buck.

craven adj.怯懦的 cowardly. Lillian’s craven refusal to join the protest was criticized by her comrades, who had expected her to be brave enough to stand up for her beliefs.

credence n.信任 belief. Do not place any credence in his promises.

credibility n.可信，性 believability. Because the candidate had made some pretty unbelievable promises, we began to question the credibility of everythin she said.

credo n.信条 creed. I believe we may best describe his credo by saying that it approximates the Golden Rule.
■	credulity n.轻信，學受骗 belief on slight evidence; gullibility; naivete. Con artists take advantage of the credulity of inexperienced investors to swindle them out of their savings, credulous, adj.

creed n.信条 system of religious or ethical belief. Any loyal American's creed must emphasize love of democracy.

crescendo n.(声音、力度等）渐强 increase in the volume or intensity, as in a musical passage; climax. The music suddenly shifted its mood, dramatically switching from a muted, contemplative passage to a crescendo with blaring trumpets and clashing cymbals.

crest n.顶峰，浪头 highest point of a hill; foamy top of a wave. Fleeing the tidal wave, the islanders scrambled to reach the crest of Mount Lucinda. With relief, they watched the crest of the wave break well below their vantage point.

crestfallen adj.垂头丧气的，沮丧的 dejected; dispirited. We were surprised at his reaction to the failure of his project; instead of being crestfallen, he was busily engaged in planning new activities.

crevice n.裂缝 crack; fissure. The mountain climbers found footholds in the tiny crevices in the mountainside.

cringe v.畏缩 shrink back, as if in fear. The dog cringed, expecting a blow.

■	criterion n.标准 standard used in judging. What criterion did you use when you selected this essay as the prizewinner? criteria, pl.

crop v.剪修 cut off unwanted parts of a photograph; graze. With care, David cropped the picture until its edges neatly framed the flock of sheep cropping the grass.

crotchety adj.怪癖的，反复无常的 eccentric; whimsical. Although he was reputed to be a crotchety old gentleman, I found his ideas substantially sound and sensible.

crux n.关键点 crucial point. This is the crux of the entire problem: everything centers on its being resolved.

crypt n.地下室，地窖 secret recess or vault, usually used for burial. Until recently, only bodies of rulers and leading statesmen were interred in this crypt.

■	cryptic adj.神秘的，隐藏的，秘密的 mysterious; hidden; secret. Thoroughly baffled by Holmes's cryptic remarks, Watson wondered whether Holmes was intentionally concealing his thoughts about the crime.

cubicle n. /J、臣卜室 small compartment partitioned off; small bedchamber. Hoping to personalize their workspace, the staff members decorated their tiny identical cubicles in markedly individual ways.

cuisine n.烹饪法 style of cooking. French cuisine is noted for its use of sauces and wines.

culinary adj.烹飪的 relating to cooking. Many chefs attribute their culinary s\<\W to the wise use of spices, cull v.挑选，去掉 pick out; reject. Every month the farmer culls the nonlaying hens from his flock and sells them to the local butcher, also n.

culminate v.达至ij顶点 attain the highest point; climax.

George Bush's years of service to the Republican Party culminated in his being chosen as the Republican candidate for the presidency. His subsequent inauguration as President of the United States marked the culmination of his political career.

• culpable adj.该责备的 deserving blame. Corrupt politicians who condone the activities of the gamblers are equally culpable.

culvert n.下水道 artificial channel for water. If we build a culvert under the road at this point, we will reduce the possibility of the road’s being flooded during the rainy season.

cumbersome adj.笨重的，麻烦的 heavy; hard to manage. He was burdened down with cumbersome parcels.

cumulative adj.累积的 growing by addition. Vocabulary building is a cumulative process: as you go through your flash cards, you will add new words to your vocabulary, one by one.

cupidity n.贪婪 greed. The defeated people could not satisfy the cupidity of the conquerors, who demanded excessive tribute.

curator n.监督人 superintendent; manager. The members of the board of trustees of the museum expected the new curator to plan events and exhibitions that would make the museum more popular.

curmudgeon n.脾气坏的人 churlish, miserly individual. Although he was regarded by many as a curmudgeon, a few of us were aware of the many kindnesses and acts of charity that he secretly performed.

cursive adj.(字迹)连接的，草书的 flowing, running. In normal writing we run our letters together in cursive form; in printing, we separate the letters.

■	cursory adj.粗略的，仓促的 casual; hastily done. Because a cursory examination of the ruins indicates the possibility of arson, we believe the insurance agency should undertake a more extensive investigation of the fire’s cause.

■	curtail v.缩减 shorten; reduce. When Herb asked Diane for a date, she said she was really sorry she couldn't go out with him, but her dad had ordered her to curtail her social life.

cynical adj.‘魚•世嫉俗的，怀疑的 skeptical or distrustful of human motives. Cynical from birth, Sidney was suspicious whenever anyone gave him a gift "with no strings attached." cynic, n.

cynosure n.引人注目者 the object of general attention. As soon as the movie star entered the room, she became the cynosure of all eyes.

dabble v.涉猎；喷洒 work at in a non-serious fashion; splash around. The amateur painter dabbled at art, but seldom produced a finished piece. The children dabbled their hands in the bird bath, splashing one another gleefully, dais n.讲台 raised platform for guests of honor. When he approached the dais, he was greeted by cheers from the people who had come to honor him.

dank adj.潮湿的 damp. The walls of the dungeon were dank and slimy.

dapper adj.整齐的 neat and trim. In “The Odd Couple" TV show, Tony Randall played Felix Unger, an excessively dapper soul who could not stand to have a hair out of place.
dappled adj.有斑点的 spotted. The sunlight filtering through the screens created a dappled effect on the wall.

daub v.涂抹 smear (as with paint). From the way he daubed his paint on the canvas, I could tell he knew nothing of oils, also n.

daunt v.威吓 intimidate; frighten. MBoast all you like of your prowess. Mere words cannot daunt me,” the hero answered the villain.

dauntless adj.大胆的 bold. Despite the dangerous nature of the undertaking, the dauntless soldier volunteered for the assignment.

dawdle v.虚度，游手好闲 loiter; waste time. We have to meet a deadline so don’t dawdle., just get down to work, deadlock n.僵局 standstill; stalemate. Because negotiations had reached a deadlock, some of the delegates had begun to mutter about breaking off the talks, also v.

deadpan adj.冷淡的，冷漠的 wooden; impersonal. We wanted to see how long he could maintain his deadpan expression.

dearth n.缺乏 scarcity. The dearth of skilled labor compelled the employers to open trade schools.

debacle n.崩溃，灾难性的衰败 sudden downfall; complete disaster. In the Airplane movies, every flight turns into a debacle, with passengers and crew members collapsing, engines falling apart, and carry-on baggage popping out of the overhead bins.

debase v.贬低，降低 reduce in quality or value; lower in esteem; degrade. In The King and I、Anna refuses to kneel down and prostrate herself before the king, for she feels that to do so would debase her position, and she will not submit to such debasement.

debauch v.使堕落，败坏 corrupt; seduce from virtue. Did Socrates’ teachings lead the young men of Athens to be virtuous citizens, or did they debauch the young men, causing them to question the customs of their fathers? Clearly, Socrates' philosophical talks were nothing like the wild debauchery of the toga parties in Animal House.

•	debilitate v.使虚弱 weaken; enfeeble. Michael's severe bout of the flu debilitated him so much that he was too tired to go to work for a week.

debonair adj.友善的，殷勤的 friendly; aiming to please. The debonair youth was liked by all who met him, because of his cheerful and obliging manner.

debris n.碎片 rubble. A full year after the earthquake in Mexico City, they were still carting away the debris.

•	debunk v.揭穿，嘲弄 expose as false, exaggerated, worthless, etc; ridicule. Pointing out that he consistently had voted against strengthening anti-pollution legislation, reporters debunked the candidate's claim that he was a fervent environmentalist.

debutante n.首次进入社交界的年轻女子young woman making formal entrance into society. As a debutante, she was often mentioned in the society columns of the newspapers.

decadence n.颓废，衰退 decay. The moral decadence of the people was reflected in the lewd literature of the period.

decapitate v.斩首 behead. They did not hang Lady Jane Grey; they decapitated her. "Off with her head!” cried the Ddchess, eager to decapitate poor Alice.

decelerate v.减速 slow down. Seeing the emergency blinkers in the road ahead, he decelerated quickly.

Word List 13 deciduous-dermatologist

deciduous adj.落叶的 falling off as of leaves. The oak is a deciduous tree: in winter it looks quite bare.

decimate v.每十人杀一人，大批杀害 kill, usually one out of ten. We do more to decimate our population in automobile accidents than we do in war.

decipher v.破译（密碍电文等）interpret secret code. Lacking his code book, the spy was unable to decipher the scrambled message sent to him from the KGB. declivity n.余斗坡，什页斜 downward slope. The children loved to ski down the declivity.

decollete adj.(女服）露肩的，穿露肩衣服的having a low-necked dress. Current fashion decrees that evening gowns be decollete this season; bare shoulders are again the vogue.

decomposition n.腐烂，腐败 decay. Despite the body's advanced state of decomposition, the police were able to identify the murdered man..

■ decorum n.得体，合宜，彬彬有礼 propriety; orderliness and good taste in manners. Even the best-mannered students have trouble behaving with decorum on the last day of school, decorous, adj.

decoy n.弓|诱 lure or bait. The wild ducks were not fooled by the decoy, also v.

decrepit adj.破旧的，年久失修的；衰老的worn out by age. The decrepit car blocked traffic on the highway.

decrepitude n.衰老，老朽 state of collapse caused by illness or old age. I was unprepared for the state of decrepitude in which I had found my old friend; he seemed to have aged twenty years in six months.

decry v.反对，谴责 express strong disapproval of; disparage. The founder of the Children's Defense Fund, Marian Wright Edelman, strongly decries the lack of financial and moral support for children in America today.

deducible adj.可推断的 derived by reasoning. If we accept your premise, your conclusions are easily deducible.

deface v.损伤…的外貌，损害 mar; disfigure. If you deface a library book, you will have to pay a hefty fine, defame v.诽谤，中伤 harm someone’s reputation; malign； slander. If you try to defame my good name, my lawyers will see you in court. If rival candidates persist in defaming one another, the voters may conclude that all politicians are crooks, defamation, n.

default n.未履行，疏忽 failure to act. When the visiting team failed to show up for the big game, they lost the game by default. When Jack failed to make the payments on his Jaguar, the dealership took back the car because he had defaulted on his debt.

defeatist adj.失败主义的 attitude of one who is ready to accept defeat as a natural outcome. If you maintain your c/efea^'sf attitude, you will never succeed, also n. defection n.叛逃，变节 desertion. The children, who had made him an idol, were hurt most by his defection from our cause.

defer v.推迟，拖延 delay till later; exempt temporarily. In wartime, some young men immediately volunteer to serve; others defer making plans until they hear from their draft boards. During the Vietnam War, many young men, hoping to be deferred, requested student deferments.
defer v.遵从，服从 give in respectfully; submit. When it comes to making decisions about purchasing software, we must defer to Michael, our computer guru; he gets the final word. Michael, however, can defer these questions to no one; only he can decide.

■	deference n.遵从，敬重 courteous regard for another's wish. In deference to the minister's request, please do not take photographs during the wedding service.

defiance n.违抗，藐视 refusal to yield; resistance. When John reached the "terrible two's," he responded to every parental request with howls of defiance, defy, v.

defile v.弄脏，败坏 pollute; profane. The hoodlums defiled the church with their scurrilous writing.

definitive adj.决定性的，最后的 final; complete. Carl Sandburg's Abraham Lincoln may be regarded as the definitive work on the life of the Great Emancipator, deflect v.使偏斜，使转向 turn aside. His life was saved when his cigarette case deflected the bullet.

defoliate v.(使用化学药剂）使落叶 destroy leaves. In Vietnam the army made extensive use of chemical agents to defoliate the woodlands.

defray v.支付(费用等)pay the costs of. Her employer offered to defray the costs of her postgraduate education.

deft adj.灵巧的，熟练的，机敏的 neat; skillful. The deft waiter uncorked the champagne without spilling a drop.

defunct adj.已死的，已灭绝的；失效的dead; no longer in use or existence. The lawyers sought to examine the books of the defunct corporation.

defuse v.卸除（爆破装置）的引信；缓和，平息危险 remove the fuse of a bomb; reduce or eliminate a threat. Police negotiators are trained to defuse dangerous situations by avoiding confrontational language and behavior.

degenerate v.衰退，堕落，变坏 become worse; deteriorate. As the fight dragged on, the champion’s style dege门-

until he could barely keep on his feet.

■	degradation n.丢脸：降级，贬黜；退化 humiliation; debasement; degeneration. Some secretaries object to fetching the boss a cup of coffee because they resent the degradation of being made to do such lowly tasks, degrade, v.

•	dehydrate v.使脱水，使干燥 remove water from; dry out. Running under a hot sun quickly dehydrates the body; joggers soon learn to carry water bottles and to drink from them frequently.

deify v.把…神化 turn into a god; idolize. Admire Elvis Presley all you want; just don’t c/e/Yy him. deign v.屈尊，俯就 condescend; stoop. The celebrated fashion designer would not deign to speak to a mere seamstress; his overburdened assistant had to convey the master's wishes to the lowly workers assembling his great designs.

delectable adj.使人愉快的；美味的 delightful; delicious. We thanked our host for a most delectable meal, delete v.划掉，删掉 erase; strike out. Less is more: if you delete this paragraph, your whole essay will have greater appeal.

•	deleterious adj.有害的 harmful. If you believe that smoking is deleterious to your health (and the Surgeon General certainly does), then quit!

deliberate v.熟虑，仔细地想 consider; ponder. Offered the new job, she asked for time to deliberate before she told them her decision.

■ delineate v.描绘；描写；勾勒 portray; depict; sketch. Using only a few descriptive phrases, Austen delineates the character of Mr. Collins so well that we can predict hi§ every move, delineation, n.

delirium n.精神错乱，极度兴奋 mental disorder marked by confusion. In his delirium, the drunkard saw pink panthers and talking pigs. Perhaps he wasn't delirious: he might just have wandered into a movie.

delude v.欺骗，迷惑 deceive. His mistress may have deluded herself into believing that he would leave his wife and marry her.

deluge n.洪水，暴雨,(某事物)泛滥flood; rush. When we advertised the position, we received a deluge of applications.

delusion n.错觉，幻觉 false belief; hallucination. Don suffers from delusions of grandeur: he thinks he’s a world-famous author when hfe's published just one paperback book.

delve v.挖掘，挖地；钻研 dig; investigate. Delving into old books and manuscripts is part of a researcher's job.

demagogue n.以达私欲为目的的煽动者，蛊惑性政客person who appeals to people’s prejudice; false leader of people. He was accused of being a demagogue because he made promises that aroused futile hopes in his listeners.

demean v.贬低身份，辱没 degrade; humiliate. Standing on his dignity, he refused to demean himself by replying to the offensive letter. If you truly believed in the dignity of labor, you would not think it would demean you to work as a janitor.

demeanor n.行为，风度 behavior; bearing. His sober demeanor quieted the noisy revelers, demented adj.发狂的，精神错乱的 insane. Doctor Demento was a lunatic radio personality who liked to act as if he were truly demented. If you're demented, your mental state is out of whack; in other words, you're wacky, demise n.死亡 death. Upon the demise of the dictator, a bitter dispute about succession to power developed, demolition n.破坏，毁坏 destruction. One of the major aims of the air force was the complete demolition of all means of transportation by bombing of rail lines and terminals. demolish, v.

demoniac adj.魔鬼的，疯狂的 fiendish. The Spanish Inquisition devised many demoniac means of torture, demon, n.

demur v.提出异议，反对；犹豫 object (because of doubts, scruples); hesitate. When offered a post on the board of directors, David demurred: he had scruples about taking on the job because he was unsure he could handle it in addition to his other responsibilities.

demure adj.端庄的；腼腆的 grave; serious; coy. She was demure and reserved, a nice modest girl whom any young man would be proud to take home to his mother.

demystify v.使非神秘化，澄清 clarify; free from mystery or obscurity. Helpful doctors demystify medical procedures by describing them in everyday language, explaining that a myringotomy, for example, is an operation involving making a small hole in one's eardrum.

denigrate v.毁誉，抹黑 blacken. All attempts to denigrate the character of our late president have failed; the
people still love him and cherish his memory.

denizen n.居民；常客，老主顾 inhabitant or resident; regular visitor. In The Untouchables, Eliot Ness fights Al Capone and the other denizens of Chicago's underworld. Ness’s fight against corruption was the talk of all the denizens of the local bars.

denotation n.直接意义；指示，符号 meaning; distinguishing by name. A dictionary will always give us the denotation of a word; frequently, it will also give us the connotations. denote, v.

denouement n.结局；戏剧的最后结果outcome; final development of the plot of a play. The play was childishly written; the denouement was obvious to sophisticated theatergoers as early as the middle of the first act.

■	denounce v.谴责，公开抨击 condemn; criticize. The reform candidate denounced the corrupt city officers for having betrayed the public's trust, denunciation, n.

depict v.描述，描写 portray. In this sensational expose, the author depicts 巳eatle John Lennon as a drug-crazed neurotic. Do you question the accuracy of this depiction of Lennon?

deplete v.用完，耗尽 reduce; exhaust. We must wait until we deplete our present inventory before we order replacements.

■	deplore v.哀叹；不满 regret; disapprove of. Although I deplore the vulgarity of your language, I defend your right to express yourself freely.

deploy v.拉长战线，展开 spread out [tro叩s] in an extended though shallow battle line. The general ordered the battalion to deploy in order to meet the enemy offensive.

• depose v.废勵（君主），免职 dethrone; remove from office. The army attempted to depose the king and set up a military government.

deposition n.宣誓作证 testimony under oath. He made his deposition in the judge's chamber.

■	depravity n.堕落，道德败坏 extreme corruption; wickedness. The depravity of Caligula's behavior came to sicken even those who had willingly participated in his earlier, comparatively innocent orgies.

■	deprecate v.反对;轻视，蔑视 express disapproval of; protest against; belittle. A firm believer in old-fashioned courtesy, Miss Post deprecated the modern tendency to address new acquaintances by their first names, deprecatory, ADJ.

depreciate v.贬值 lessen in value. If you neglect this property, it will depreciate.

depredation n.抢劫，掠夺性攻击 plundering. After the depredations of the invaders, the people were penniless.

derange v.使发狂；扰舌L，捣乱 make insane; disarrange. Hamlet's cruel rejection deranged poor Ophelia; in her madness, she drowned herself.

derelict adj.抛弃的,玩忽职守的 abandoned; negligent. The derelict craft was a menace to navigation. Whoever abandoned it in the middle of the harbor was derelict in living up to his responsibilities as a boat owner, also n.

■	deride v.嘲弄，嘲笑 ridicule; make fun of. The critics derided his pretentious dialogue and refused to consider his play seriously, derision, n.

■	derivative adj.引申的，推论的 unoriginal; derived from another source. Although her early poetry was clearly derivative in nature, the critics thought she had promise and

dermatologist n.皮肤学者，皮肤科医生 physician who eventually would find her own voice.	studies the skin and its diseases. I advise you to consult adermatologist about your acne.

Word List 14 derogatory-disgruntle

derogatory adj.侮辱的；贬义的 expressing a low opinion.

I resent your derogatory remarks.

descant v.详谈，详述；评论 discuss fully. He was willing to descant upon any topic of conversation, even when he knew very little about the subject under discussion, also n.

descry v.看见 catch sight of. In the distance, we could barely descry the enemy vessels.

desecrate v.亵渎（圣物或圣地）profane; violate the sanctity of. Shattering the altar and trampling the holy objects underfoot, the invaders desecrated the sanctuary.

• desiccate v.脱水；枯竭 dry up. A tour of this smokehouse will give you an idea of how the pioneers used to desiccate food in order to preserve it.

desolate adj.荒凉的，荒芜人烟的 unpopulated. After six months in the crowded, bustling metropolis, David was so sick of people that he was ready to head for the most desolate patch of wilderness he could find.

desolate v.使感到悲惨；使悲伤绝望rob of joy; lay waste to; forsake. The bandits desolated the countryside, burning farms and carrying off the harvest.

despise v.鄙视，看不起 look on with scorn; regard as worthless or distasteful. Mr. Bond, I despise spies; I look down on them as mean, despicable, honorless men, whom I would wipe from the face of the earth with as little concern as I would scrape dog droppings from the bottom of my shoe.

despoil v.抢劫；掠夺 strip of valuables; rob. Seeking plunder, the raiders despoiled the village, carrying off any valuables they found.

■	despondent adj.苦恼的；泄气的；失望的depressed; gloomy. To the dismay of his parents, William became seriously despondent after he broke up with Jan; they despaired of finding a cure for his gloom, despondency, n.

despot n.暴君；专制者 tyrant; harsh, authoritarian ruler. How could a benevolent king turn overnight into a despot? destitute adj.贫困的，赤贫的 extremely poor. Because they had no health insurance, the father's costly illness left the family destitute.

desultory adj.散漫的；随便的；离题的 aimless; haphazard; digressing at random. In prison Malcolm X set himself the task of reading straight through the dictionary; to him, reading was purposeful, not desultory.

■	detached adj.独立的；超然的；公正的 emotionally removed; calm and objective; physically unconnected. A psychoanalyst must maintain a detached point of view and stay uninvolved with his or her patients' personal lives. To a child growing up in an apartment or a row house, to live in a detached house was an unattainable dream.

detergent n.洗涤剂，去垢剂 cleansing agent. Many new detergents have replaced soap.

determination n.坚决；测量；决定 resolve; measurement or calculation; decision. Nothing could shake his determination that his children would get the best education that money could buy. Thanks to my pocket calculator, my
determination of the answer to the problem took only seconds of my time.

■	deterrent n.威慑力量；制止物 something that discourages; hindrance. Does the threat of capital punishment serve as a deterrent to potential killers? deter, v.

detonation n.引爆，爆炸；爆炸的巨响explosion. The detonation of the bomb could be heard miles away.

detraction n.减损；诋毁，贬低 slandering; aspersion. He is offended by your frequent detractions of his ability as a leader.

■	detrimental adj.有害的，不利的 harmful; damaging. The candidate’s acceptance of major financial contributions from a well-known racist ultimately proved detrimental to his campaign, for he lost the backing of many of his early grassroots supporters, detriment, n.

deviate v.背离，偏离 turn away from (a principle, norm); depart; diverge. Richard never deviated from his daily routine: every day he set off for work at eight o'clock, had his sack lunch (peanut butter on whole wheat) at 12:15, and headed home at the stroke of five.

■	devious adj.迂回的；不坦率的；欺诈的roundabout; erratic; not straightforward. The Joker's plan was so devious that it was only with great difficulty we could follow its shifts and dodges.

■	devise v.想出,发明；设计 think up; invent; plan. How clever he must be to have devised such a devious plan! What ingenious inventions might he have devised if he had turned his mind to science and not to crime.

devoid adj.没有的 lacking. You may think her mind is a total void, but she's actually not devoid of intelligence. She just sounds like an airhead.

devotee n.热心之士；爱好者 enthusiastic follower. A devotee of the opera, he bought season tickets every year.

devout adj.虔诚的，真诚的 pious. The devout man prayed daily.

dexterous ad丄灵巧的，熟练的，敏捷的skillful. The magician was so dexterous that we could not follow him as he performed his tricks.

diabolical adj.恶魔似的；残忍的 devilish. "What a fiend I am, to devise such a diabolical scheme to destroy Gotham City,” chortled the Joker gleefully.

diagnosis n.诊断(法)；判断 art of identifying a disease; analysis of a condition. In medical school Margaret developed her skill at diagnosis, learning how to read volumes from a rapid pulse or a hacking cough, diagnose, v.; diagnostic, ADJ.

dialectical adj.辨证的，辩证法的 relating to the art of debate; mutual or reciprocal. The debate coach's students grew to develop great forensic and dialectical skill. Teaching, however, is inherently a dialectical situation: the coach learned at least as much from her students as they learned from her. dialectics, n.

diaphanous adj.透明的，半透明的 sheer; transparent.

• Through the diaphanous curtains, the burglar could clearly see the large jewelry box on the dressing table.
diatribe n.抨击，谴责，讽刺 bitter scolding; invective. During the lengthy diatribe delivered by his opponent he remained calm and self-controlled.

dichotomy n.对分,分叉 split; branching into two parts (especially contradictory ones). Willie didn't know how to resolve the dichotomy between his ambition to go to college and his childhood longing to run away and join the circus. Then he heard about Ringling Brothers Circus College, and he knew he'd found the perfect school.

dictum n.正式声明;权威意见；名言，格言authoritative and weighty statement; saying; maxim. University administrations still follow the old dictum of "Publish or perish." They don't care how good a teacher you are; if you don't publish enough papers, you're out of a job.

didactic adj.教学的，教导的 teaching; instructional. Pope's lengthy poem An Essay on Man is too didactic for my taste: I dislike it when poets turn preachy and moralize.

differentiate v.区另ij，鉴别 distinguish; perceive a difference between. Tweedledum and Tweedledee were like two peas in a pod; not even Mother Tweedle could differentiate the one from the other.

•	diffidence n.缺乏自信，胆怯，羞怯 shyness. You must overcome your diffidence if you intend to become a salesperson.

■	diffuse adj.(文章等）冗长的；弥漫的，四散的wordy; rambling; spread out (like a gas). If you pay authors by the word, you tempt them to produce diffuse manuscripts rather than brief ones, diffusion, n.

■	digression n.离题，偏离 wandering away from the subject. Nobody minded when Professor Renoir's lectures wandered away from their official theme; his digressions were always more fascinating than the topic of the day. digress, v.

dilapidated adj.倾塌的，损坏的 ruined because of neglect. The dilapidated old building needed far more work than just a new coat of paint, dilapidation, n.

dilate v.使膨胀，扩大 expand. In the dark, the pupils of your eyes dilate.

•	dilatory adj.迟误的，拖延的 delaying. If you are dilatory in paying bills, your credit rating may suffer.

dilemma n.(进退两难的)窘境，困境 problem; choice of two unsatisfactory alternatives. In this dilemma, he knew no one to whom he could turn for advice.

dilettante n.(艺术、科学等方面)半吊子，业余爱好者 aimless follower of the arts; amateur; dabbler. He was not serious in his painting; he was rather a dilettante.

■	diligence n.勤勉，勤奋 steadiness of effort; persistent hard work. Her employers were greatly impressed by her diligence and offered her a partnership in the firm, diligent, ADJ.

dilute v.稀释，冲淡,削弱 make less concentrated; reduce in strength. She preferred to dilute her coffee with milk.

■	diminution n.缩减，降低 lessening; reduction in size. Old Jack was as sharp at eighty as he had been at fifty; increasing age led to no diminution of his mental acuity.

din n.喧嚣，嘈杂声 continued loud noise. The din of the jackhammers outside the classroom window drowned out the lecturer's voice, also v.

dinghy n.(舰、船上的）小型供应艇；救生艇small ship's boat. In the film Lifeboat, an ill-assorted group of passengers from a sunken ocean liner are marooned at sea in a dinghy.
dingy adj.暗淡的，无光泽的；（地方等）肮脏的；昏暗的 dull; not fresh; cheerless. Refusing to be depressed by her dingy studio apartment,巳ea spent the weekend polishing the floors and windows and hanging bright posters on the walls.

dint n.力量；作用 means; effort. By dint of much hard work, the volunteers were able to place the raging forest fire under control.

diorama n.(有人物、走兽等塑像的）微型立体景life-size three-dimensional scene from nature or history. Because they dramatically pose actual stuffed animals against realistic painted landscapes, the dioramas at the Museum of Natural History particularly impress high school biology students.

dire adj.可怕的，悲惨的 disastrous. People ignored her dire predictions of an approaching depression.

dirge n.哀乐，挽歌 lament with music. The funeral dirge stirred us to tears.

disabuse v.去除…的谬误；使醒悟 correct a false impression; undeceive. I will attempt to disabuse you of your impression of my client's guilt; I know he is innocent.

disaffected adj.不忠的，不满的 disloyal. Once the most loyal of Gorbachev's supporters, Sheverdnaze found himself becoming increasingly disaffected.

disapprobation n.不以为然！非难 disapproval; condemnation. The conservative father viewed his daughter's radical boyfriend with disapprobation.

disarray n.混乱，紊乱 a disorderly or untidy state. After the New Year's party, the once orderly house was in total disarray.

disavowal n.否认，不承认 denial; disclaiming. His disavowal of his part in the conspiracy was not believed by the jury, disavow, v.

disband v.解散，遣散 dissolve; disperse. The chess club disbanded after its disastrous initial season.

disburse v.支出，支付 pay out. When you disburse money on the company's behalf, be sure to get a receipt.

discernible adj.看得清的；辨认得出的 distinguishable; perceivable. The ships in the harbor were not discernible in the fog. discern, v.

■	discerning adj.聪明的；有洞察力的 mentally quick and observant; having insight. Though no genius, the star was sufficiently discerning to tell her true friends from the countless phonies who flattered her.

disclaim v.放弃；否认 disown; renounce claim to. If I grant you this privilege, will you disclaim all other rights?

■	disclose v.使…显露；揭露 reveal. Although competitors offered him bribes, he refused to disclose any information about his company's forthcoming product, disclosure, n.

discombobulated adj.困惑的；挫败的 confused; discomposed. The novice square dancer became so discombobulated that he wandered into the wrong set.

discomfit v.扰舌L;挫败 put to rout; defeat; disconcert. This ruse will discomfit the enemy, discomfiture, n. discomfited, ADJ.

discomposure n.失去平静，心乱，不安 agitation; loss of poise. Perpetually poised, Agent 007 never exhibited a moment's discomposure.

disconcert v.使窘迫；挫败；扰乱 confuse; upset; embarrass. The lawyer was disconcerted by the evidence produced by her adversary.

disconsolate adj.忧郁的，郁郁不乐的 sad. The death of his wife left him disconsolate.


discord n.不协调,冲突 conflict; lack of harmony. Watching Tweedledum battle Tweedledee, Alice wondered what had caused this pointless discord.

■	discordant adj.不协调的；不和的 not harmonious; conflicting. Nothing is quite so discordant as the sound of a junior high school orchestra tuning up.

■	discount v.不考虑：不信；漠视 disregard; dismiss. Be prepared to discount what he has to say about his ex-wife.

•	discourse n. ?寅讲；交谈 formal discussion; conversation. The young Plato was drawn to the Agora to hear the philosophical discourse of Socrates and his followers, also v.

discredit v.败坏…的名声;诽谤;怀疑defame; destroy confidence in; disbelieve. The campaign was highly negative in tone; each candidate tried to discredit the other.

•	discrepancy n.不符合,不同之处 lack of consistency; difference. The police noticed some discrepancies in his description of the crime and did not believe him.

discrete ad丄分离的；互不相关的 separate; unconnected. The universe is composed of discrete bodies.

discretion n.谨慎；决定能力 prudence; ability to adjust actions to circumstances. Use your discretion in this matter and do not discuss it with anyone, discreet, adj.

■	discriminating adj.有识别力的；歧视的 able to see differences; prejudiced. A superb interpreter of Picasso, she was
sufficiently discriminating to judge the most complex works of modern art. (secondary meaning) discrimination, n.

discursive adj.离题的，东拉西扯的 digressing; rambling. As the lecturer wandered from topic to topic, we wondered what if any point there was to his discursive remarks.

■ disdain v.鄙视 view with scorn or contempt. In the film Funny Face, the bookish heroine disdained fashion models for their lack of intellectual interests, also n.

disembark v.上岸；从船上卸货 go ashore; unload cargo from a ship. Before the passengers could disembark, they had to pick up their passports from the ship's purser.

disenfranchise v.剝夺…的权利 deprive of a civil right. The imposition of the poll tax effectively disenfranchised poor Southern blacks, who lost their right to vote.

disengage v.脱离，使解脱 uncouple; separate; disconnect. A standard movie routine involves the hero’s desperate attempt to disengage a railroad car from a moving train.

disfigure v.毁损…的外形，使大为失色mar in beauty; spoil. An ugly frown disfigured his normally pleasant face.

disgorge v.被迫交出；喷出；呕出 surrender something; eject; vomit. Unwilling to disgorge the cash he had stolen from the pension fund, the embezzler tried to run away.

disgruntle v.使不满 make discontented. The passengers were disgruntled by the numerous delays.
Word List 15 dishearten-duplicity

dishearten v.使沮丧，使失去勇气 discourage; cause to lose courage or hope. His failure to pass the bar exam disheartened him.

disheveled adj.不整洁的，凌乱的 untidy.Your disheveled appearance will hurt your chances in this interview.

■	disinclination n.不愿；厌恶 unwillingness. Some mornings I feel a great disinclination to get out of bed.

disingenuous adj.不真诚的；不坦率的 lacking genuine candor; insincere. Now that we know the mayor and his wife are engaged in a bitter divorce fight, we find their earlier remarks regretting their lack of time together remarkably disingenuous.

disinter v.掘出；发现 dig up; unearth. They disinterred the body and held an autopsy.

disinterested adj.公正的，无私的 unprejudiced. Given the judge's political ambitions and the lawyers' financial interest in the case, the only disinterested person in the courtroom may have been the court reporter.

disjointed ad丄脱臼的；拆开的 disconnected. His remarks were so disjointed that we could not follow his reasoning, dislodge v.将…逐出 remove (forcibly). Thrusting her fist up under the choking man’s lower ribs, Margaret used the Heimlich maneuver to dislodge the food caught in his throat.

dismantle v.拆开，解散 take apart. When the show closed, they dismantled the scenery before storing it.

dismay v.使惊愕,使失望 discourage; frighten. The huge amount of work she had left to do dismayed her. also n.

dismember v.支解，撕碎 cut into small parts. When the Austrian Empire was dismembered, several new countries were established.

■	dismiss v.不再考虑,不接受 put away from consideration; reject. Believing in John's love for her, she dismissed the notion that he might be unfaithful, (secondary meaning)
■	disparage v.贬低，轻视 belittle. A doting mother, Emma was more likely to praise her son's crude attempts at art than to disparage them.

disparate adj.根本不同的，不相干的 basically different; unrelated. Unfortunately, Tony and Tina have disparate notions of marriage: Tony sees it as a carefree extended love affair, while Tina sees it as a solemn commitment to build a family and a home.

■	disparity n.不等；差异 difference; condition of inequality. Their disparity in rank made no difference at all to the

prince and Cinderella.

•6

dispassionate adj.冷静的；不带偏见的 calm; impartial. Known in the company for his cool judgment, Bill could impartially examine the causes of a problem, giving a dispassionate analysis of what had gone wrong, and go on to suggest how to correct the mess.

dispatch n.迅速处理；（公交）急件，快信speediness; prompt execution; message sent with all due speed. Young Napoleon defeated the enemy with all possible dispatch; he then sent a dispatch to headquarters informing his commander of the great victory, also v.

dispel v.驱散（云、雾等）；消除（疑虑等）scatter; drive away; cause to vanish. The bright sunlight eventually dispelled the morning mist.

■	disperse v.分配，分发 scatter. The police fired tear gas into the crowd to disperse the protesters, dispersion, n.

dispirited adj.气俊的，心灰意冷的 lacking in spirit. The coach used all the tricks at his command to buoy up the enthusiasm of his team, which had become dispirited at the loss of the star player.

■	disputatious adj.爱争论的，好辩的 argumentative; fond of arguing. Convinced he knew more than his lawyers, Alan was a disputatious client, ready to argue about the best way to conduct the case, disputant, n.

disquiet v.使不安，使忧虑 make uneasy or anxious. Holmes's absence for a day, slightly disquieted Watson; after a week with no word, however, Watson's uneasiness about his missing friend had grown into a deep fear for his safety, disquietude, n.

dissection n.分析；解剖 analysis; cutting apart in order to examine. The dissection of frogs in the laboratory is particularly unpleasant to some students.

dissemble v.掩藏，假装 disguise; pretend. Even though John tried to dissemble his motive for taking modern dance, we all knew he was there not to dance but to meet girls.

■	disseminate v.撒播（种子等）；散布，传播 distribute; spread; scatter (like seeds). By their use of the Internet, propagandists have been able to disseminate their pet doctrines to new audiences around the globe.

■	dissent v.不同意，持异议 disagree. In the recent Supreme Court decision, Justice O'Connor dissented from the majority opinion, also n.

dissertation n.论文：学术演讲 formal essay. In order to earn a graduate degree from many of our universities, a candidate is frequently required to prepare a dissertation on some scholarly subject.

dissident adj.有不同意见的,持不同政见的dissenting; rebellious. In the purge that followed the demonstrations, the government hunted down the dissident people and their supporters, also n.

dissimulate v.掩饰（感情、动机等)，装假 pretend; conceal by feigning. Although the governor tried to dissimulate his feelings about the opposing candidate, we all knew he despised his rival.

dissipate v.浪费，挥霍；消磨；使消散 squander; waste; scatter. He is a fine artist, but I fear he may dissipate his gifts if he keeps wasting his time playing games.

dissolute adj.放纵的，放荡的 loose in morals. The dissolute life led by the ancient Romans is indeed shocking.

dissolution n.瓦解，消散，终止 breaking of a union; decay; termination. Which caused King Lear more suffering: the dissolution of his kingdom into warring factions, or the dissolution of his aged, failing body?

dissonance n.不和谐的声音 discord. Composer Charles Ives often used dissonance——clashing or unresolved chords—for special effects in his musical works.

dissuade v.劝…不要做某事 persuade not to do; discourage. Since Tom could not dissuade Huck from running away from home, he decided to run away with him. dissuasion, N.

distant adj.冷淡的，疏远的 reserved or aloof; cold in manner. His distant greeting made me feel unwelcome from the start, (secondary meaning)

• distend v.使膨胀，使扩张 expand; swell out. I can tell when he is under stress by the way the veins distend on his forehead.

distill v.吸取…的精华：净化；提炼extract the essence; purify; refine. A moonshiner distills mash into whiskey; an epigrammatist distills thoughts into quips.

distinction n.荣誉，著名；对比，区分 honor; contrast; discrimination. A holder of the Medal of Honor, George served with great distinction in World War II. He made a distinction, however, between World War II and Vietnam, which he considered an immoral conflict.

distort v.扭歪，使变形 twist out of shape. It is difficult to believe the newspaper accounts of the riots because of the
way some reporters distort and exaggerate the actual events, distortion, n.

distraught adj.心烦意乱的，困惑的 upset; distracted by anxiety. The distraught parents frantically searched the ravine for their lost child.

diurnal adj.每日的，每天的 daily. A farmer cannot neglect his diurnal tasks at any time; cows, for example, must be milked regularly.

diva n.歌剧中的女主角；出众的女歌唱家operatic singer; prima donna. Although world famous as a diva, she did not indulge in fits of temperament.

diverge v.分歧，相异 vary; go in different directions from the same point. The spokes of the wheel diverge from the hub.

■	divergent adj.有分歧的；分叉的 differing; deviating. Since graduating from medical school, the two doctors have taken divergent paths, one going on to become a nationally prominent surgeon, the other dedicating himself to a small family practice in his home town, divergence, n.

diverse adj.不同的，多种多样的 differing in some characteristics; various. The professor suggested diverse ways of approaching the assignment and recommended that we choose one of them, diversity, n.

diversion n.转向；消遣，娱乐 act of turning aside; pastime. After studying for several hours, he needed a diversion from work, divert, v.

diversity n.不同点;多样性 variety; dissimilitude. The diversity of colleges in this country indicates that many levels of ability are being cared for.

divest v.使脱去，卸下5剥夺…权力strip; deprive. He was divested of his power to act and could no longer govern. divestiture, n.

divine v.占卜,硕言 perceive intuitively; foresee the future. Nothing infuriated Tom more than Aunt Polly's ability to divine when he was telling the truth.

divulge v.泄露 reveal. No lover of gossip, Charlotte would never divulge anything that a friend told her in confidence.

docile adj.驯服的，易控制的 obedient; easily managed. As docile as he seems today, that old lion was once a ferocious, snafling beast, docility, n.

doctrinaire adj.教条主义的，脱离实际的unable to compromise about points of doctrine; dogmatic; unyielding. He had hoped that the democracy movement might bring about change in the country, but the repressive response of the doctrinaire hard-liners crushed his dreams of democracy.

■	doctrine n.教义，信条；学说，理论 teachings, in general; particular principle (religious, legal, etc.) taught. He was so committed to the doctrines of his faith that he was unable to evaluate them impartially.

■	document v.为…提供文件（或证据等）provide written evidence. She kept all the receipts from her business trip in order to document her expenses for the firm, also n.

doff v.脱(帽、衣等）take off. A gentleman used to doff his hat to a lady.

dogged adj.坚决的；顽固的 determined; stubborn. Les Miserables tells of Inspector Javerfs long, dogged pursuit of the criminal Jean Valjean.

doggerel n.拙劣的i寺 poor verse. Although we find occasional snatches of genuine poetry in her work, most of her writing is mere doggerel.

■ dogmatic adj.固执己见的;武断的；教条的opinionated; arbitrary; doctrinal. We tried to discourage Doug from being so dogmatic, but never could convince him that his opinions might be wrong.

doldrums n.忧郁;停滞；萧条状态 blues; listlessness; slack period. Once the excitement of meeting her deadline was over, she found herself in the doldrums.

doleful adj.悲伤的 sorrowful. He found the doleful lamentations of the bereaved family emotionally disturbing and he left as quickly as he could.

dolt n.笨蛋，傻瓜 stupid person. The heroes of Dumb and Dumber are, as the title suggests, a classic pair of dolts.

domicile n.住宅，家 home. Although his legal domicile was in New York City, his work kept him away from his residence for many years, also v.

domineer v.飞扬跋扈，作威作福 rule over tyrannically. Students prefer teachers who guide, not ones who domineer.

don v.披上，穿上 put on. When Clark Kent has to don his Superman outfit, he changes clothes in a convenient phone booth.

doodle v.(心不在焉地）乱涂；消磨（时间）scribble or draw aimlessly; waste time. Art's teachers scolded him when he doodled a\\ over the margins of his papers.

dormant ad丄睡着的，休眠的，潜伏的sleeping; lethargic; latent. At fifty her \or\Q-dormant ambition to write flared up once more; within a year she had completed the first of her great historical novels.

dormer n.老虎窗，屋顶窗 window projecting from roof. In remodeling the attic into a bedroom, we decided that we needed to put in dormers to provide sufficient ventilation for the new room.

dossier n.(有关某人或事件的）材料汇编，档案file of documents on a subject. Ordered by J. Edgar Hoover to investigate the senator, the FBI compiled a complete dossier on him.

dote v.过分喜爱；智力衰退 be excessively fond of; show signs of mental decline. Not only grandmothers bore you with stories about their brilliant grandchildren; grandfathers dote on the little rascals, too. Poor old Alf clearly doted: the senile old dotard was past it; in fact, he was in his dotage.

douse v.把…浸人水中1平息，压抑plunge into water; drench; extinguish. They doused each other with hoses and water balloons.

dowdy adj.邋遢的，不整洁的 slovenly; untidy. She tried to change her dowdy image by buying a new fashionable wardrobe.

downcast adj.垂头丧气的，沮丧的 disheartened; sad. Cheerful and optimistic by nature, Beth was never dow门-casf despite the difficulties she faced.

drab adj.单调乏味的；无光彩的dull; lacking color；
cheerless. The Dutch woman’s drab winter coat contrasted with the distinctive, colorful native costume she wore beneath it.

draconian adj.残酷的，严厉的 extremely severe. When the principal canceled the senior prom because some seniors had been late to school that week, we thought the draconian punishment was far too harsh for such a minor violation of the rules.

dregs n.残渣，渣滓 sediment; worthless residue. David poured the wine carefully to avoid stirring up the dregs.

drivel n.蠢话，幼稚无聊的话 nonsense; foolishness. Why do I have to spend my days listening to such idiotic drivel? Drivel is related to dribble: think of a dribbling, driveling idiot.

droll adj.古怪有趣的，离奇可笑的queer and amusing. He was a popular guest because his droll anecdotes were always entertaining.

drone n.懒汉；雄蜂 idle person; male bee. Content to let his wife support him, the would-be writer was in reality nothing but a drone.

drone v.嘀咕，喃喃地念叨 talk dully; buzz or murmur like a bee. On a gorgeous day, who wants to be stuck in a classroom listening to the teacher drone?

dross n.杂质，废料 waste matter; worthless impurities. Many methods have been devised to separate the valuable metal from the dross.

drudgery n.苦活，单调乏味的工作menial work. Cinderella's fairy godmother rescued her from a life of drudgery.

■	dubious adj.引起怀疑的，疑惑的 questionable; filled with doubt. Many critics of the SAT contend the test Is of dubious worth. Jay claimed he could get a perfect 2400 on the new SAT, but Ellen was dubious: she knew he hadn't cracked a book in three years.

ductile adj.韧性的，可塑的；顺从的 malleable; flexible; pliable. Copper is an extremely ductile material: you can stretch it into the thinnest of wires, bend it, even wind it into loops.

dulcet adj.悦耳的，怡人的 sweet sounding. The dulcet sounds of the birds at dawn were soon drowned out by the roar of traffic passing our motel.

dumbfound v.使;凉呆，使‘原,慌 astonish. Egbert's perfect 2400 on his SAT exam dumbfounded his classmates, who had always found him to be perfectly dumb.

• dupe n.易受骗的，易被愚弄的人someone easily fooled. While the gullible Watson often was made a dupe by unscrupulous parties, Sherlock Holmes was far more difficult to fool, also v.

■	duplicity n. □是心非，两面派 double-dealing; hypocrisy. When Tanya learned that Mark had been two-timing her, she was furious at his duplicity.
Word List 16 duration-encroachment

duration n.持续期间 length of time something lasts. Because she wanted the children to make a good impression on the dinner guests, Mother promised them a treat if they'd behave for the duration of the meal.

duress n.强迫，胁迫 forcible restraint, especially unlawfully. The hostages were held under duress until the prison-
ers' demands were met.

dutiful adj.恭敬的，顺从的 respectful; obedient. When Mother told Billy to kiss Great-Aunt Hattie, the boy obediently gave the old woman a dutiful peck on her cheek, dwarf v.使显得矮小 cause to seem small. The giant redwoods and high cliffs dwarfed the elegant Ahwahnee Hotel,

making it appear a modest lodge rather than an imposing hostelry.

dwindle v.缩小，减少 shrink; reduce. The food in the life boat gradually dwindled away to nothing; in the end, they ate the ship’s cook.

dynamic ad丄有活力的，生机勃勃的energetic; vigorously active. The dynamic aerobics instructor kept her students on the run; she was a little dynamo.

earthy adj.粗陋的，粗俗的 unrefined; coarse. His earthy remarks often embarrassed the women in his audience.

ebb v.衰退，逐渐减少 recede; lessen. Sitting on the beach, Mrs. Dalloway watched the tide ebb: the waters receded, drawing away from her as she sat there all alone, also n.

•	ebullient adj.兴高采烈的 showing excitement; overflowing with enthusiasm. Amy’s ebullient nature could not be repressed; she was always bubbling over with excitement, ebullience, n.

eccentric adj. 'g异的古怪的 irregular; odd; whimsical; bizarre. The comet veered dangerously close to the earth in its eccentric orbit. People came up with some eccentric ideas for dealing with the emergency: someone even suggested tieing a knot in the comet's tail!

eccentricity n.古怪行为，反常行为 oddity; idiosyncrasy. Some of his friends tried to account for his rudeness to strangers as the eccentricity of genius.

ecclesiastic adj.基督教会的 pertaining to the church. The minister donned his ecclesiastic garb and walked to the pulpit. also n.

■ eclectic adj.兼收并蓄的，博采众长的composed of elements drawn from disparate sources. His style of interior decoration was eclectic, bits and pieces of furnishings from widely divergent periods, strikingly juxtaposed to create a unique decor, eclecticism, n.

eclipse v.遮住…的光，盖过 darken; extinguish; surpass. The new stock market high eclipsed the previous record set in 1995.

ecologist n.生态学家 a person concerned with the interrelationship between living organisms and their environment. The ecologist was concerned that the new dam would upset the natural balance of the creatures living in Glen Canyon.

economy n.节约，节俭 efficiency or conciseness in using something. Reading the epigrams of Pope, I admire the economy of his verse: in few words he conveys worlds of meaning, (secondary meaning)

ecstasy n.欣喜若狂 rapture; joy; any overpowering emotion. When Allison received her long-hoped-for letter of acceptance from Harvard, she was in ecstasy, ecstatic, adj.

eddy n.(风、尘、水等的）旋涡 swirling current of water, air, etc. The water in the tide pool was still, except for an occasional eddy.

edict n.法令，敕令 decree (especially issued by a sovereign); official command. The emperor issued an edict decreeing that everyone should come see him model his magnificent new clothes.

•	edify v.教诲，教导 instruct; correct morally. Although his purpose was to edify and not to entertain his audience, many of his listeners were amused rather than enlightened.

eerie adj.'隆异的 weird. In that eerie setting, it was easy to believe in ghosts and other supernatural beings.

•	efface v.擦，抹去 rub out. The coin had been handled so
many times that its date had been effaced.

effectual adj.有效的，奏效的 able to produce a desired effect; valid. Medical researchers are concerned because of the development of drug-resistant strains of bacteria; many once useful antibiotics are no longer effectual in curing bacterial infections.

•	effervescence n.兴奋，狂喜；冒泡，起泡 inner excitement or exuberance; bubbling from fermentation or carbonation. Nothing depressed Sue for long; her natural effervescence soon reasserted itself. Soda that loses its effervescence goes flat, effervescent, adj. effervesce, v.

effete adj.软弱的，懦弱的，女人气的lacking vigor; worn out; sterile. Is the Demo-cratic Party still a vital political force, or is it an effete, powerless faction, wedded to outmoded liberal policies?

efficacy n.有效 14，功效 power to produce desired effect. The efficacy of this drug depends on the regularity of the dosage, efficacious, adj.

effigy n.(丑化的）雕像，肖像 dummy. The mob showed its irritation by hanging the judge in effigy.

effrontery n.厚颜无耻 shameless boldness. She had the effrontery to insult the guest.

effusive adj.(语言、感情等）过分热情的pouring forth; gushing. Her effusive manner of greeting her friends finally began to irritate them, effusion, n.

egoism n.自大行为，自我主义 excessive interest in one's self; belief that one should be interested in one's self rather than in others. His egoism prevented him from seeing the needs of his colleagues.

■	egotistical adj.自大的，自负的 excessively self-centered; self-important; conceited. Typical egotistical remark: “But enough of this chit-chat about you and your little problems. Let’s talk about what's really important: Me!"

egregious adj.极端恶劣的，令人震惊的notorious; conspicuously bad or shocking. She was an egregious liar; we all knew better than to believe a word she said. Ed's housekeeping was egregious: he let his dirty dishes pile up so long that they were stuck together with last week's food.

egress n.外出，外出权 exit. Barnum's sign "To the Egress'' fooled many people who thought they were going to see an animal and instead found themselves in the street.

ejaculation n.(因惊奇）喊出 exclamation. He could not repress an ejaculation of surprise when he heard the news.

elaboration n.详尽说明，详述 addition of details; intricacy. Tell what happened simply, without any elaboration. elaborate, v.

■	elated adj.兴高采烈的，欢欣鼓舞的overjoyed; in high spirits. Grinning from ear to ear, Bonnie Blair was clearly elated by her fifth Olympic gold medal, elation, n.

•	elegy n.挽歌，挽诗 poem or song expressing lamentation. On the death of Edward King, Milton composed the e/egy "Lycidas." elegiacal, adj.

•	elicit v.套出(信息)，诱出 draw out by discussion. The detectives tried to elicit where he had hidden his loot.

elixir n.灵丹妙药 cure-all; something invigorating. The news of her chance to go abroad acted on her like an elixir.

ellipsis n.省略，漏词 omission of words from a text. Sometimes an ellipsis can lead to a dangling modifier, as in the sentence "Once dressed, you should refrigerate the potato salad."

elliptical ad J.(文章或言辞)晦涩的 oval; ambiguous, either purposely or because key words have been left out. An elliptical billiard ball wobbles because it is not perfectly round; an elliptical remark baffles because it is not perfectly clear.

■	eloquence n.育g言善辩 expressiveness; persuasive speech. The crowds were stirred by Martin Luther King's eloquence, eloquent, adj.

•	elucidate v.阐明，解释 explain; enlighten. He was called upon to elucidate the disputed points in his article.

■	elusive adj.难以表述的，难懂的 evasive; baffling; hard to grasp. Trying to pin down exactly when the contractors would be finished remodeling the house, Nancy was frustrated by their elusive replies, elude, v.

•	emaciated adj.极其消瘦的，憔悴的 thin and wasted. Many severe illnesses leave their victims so emaciated that they must gain back their lost weight before they can fully recover.

emanate v.发源于，来自 issue forth. A strong odor of sulphur emanated from the spriiig.

emancipate v.解放，使不受束缚 set free. At first, the attempts of the Abolitionists to emancipate the slaves were unpopular in New England as well as in the South.

embargo n.贸易禁令，禁运 ban on commerce or other activity. As a result of the embargo, trade with the colonies was at a standstill.

embark v.开始，着手做；使上船、飞机等commence; go on board a boat or airplane; begin a journey. In devoting herself to the study of gorillas, Dian Fossey embarked on a course of action that was to cost her her life.

embed v.把…嵌人 enclose; place in something. Tales of actual historical figures like King Alfred have become embedded in legends.

■	embellish v.装饰，修饰 adorn; ornament. The costume designer embellished the leading lady's ball gown with yards and yards of ribbon and lace.

embezzlement n.贪污，侵吞 stealing. The bank teller confessed his embezzlement of the funds.

embody v.体现（思想、原则等)；包括，收录personify; make concrete; incorporate. Cheering on his rival Mark McGwire's efforts to break Roger Maris's home run record, Sammy Sosa embodied the spirit of true sportsmanship.

embrace v.拥抱；欣然采纳；包括 hug; adopt or espouse; accept readily; encircle; include. Clasping Maid Marian in his arms, Robin Hood embraced her lovingly. In joining the outlaws in Sherwood Forest, she had openly embraced {Y]e\r cause.

embroider v.刺绣；对…加以渲染 decorate with needlework; ornament with fancy or fictitious details. For her mother's birthday, Beth embroidered a lovely design on a handkerchief. When asked what made her late getting home, Jo embroidered her account with tales of runaway
horses and rescuing people from a ditch, embroidery, n.

embroil v.使•••卷人(困境)throw into confusion; involve in strife; entangle. He became embroiled in the heated discussion when he tried to arbitrate the dispute.

embryonic adj.萌芽阶段的，刚起步的 undeveloped; rudimentary. The CEO reminisced about the good old days when the computer industry was still in its embryonic stage and start-up companies were founded in family garages.

• emend v.校订，修改 correct; correct by a critic. The critic emended the book by selecting the passages which he thought most appropriate to the text.

emendation n.修改，改善 correction of errors; improvement. Please initial all the emendations you have made in this contract.

eminent adj.著名的，出众的 high; lofty. After his appointment to this eminent position, he seldom had time for his former friends.

emissary n. agent; messenger. The secretary of state was sent as the president's special emissary to the conference on disarmament.

emollient n.润肤剂，护肤剂 soothing or softening remedy. The nurse applied an emollient to the inflamed area, also ADJ.

empathy n.同1W，同感 ability to identify with another's feelings, ideas, etc. What made Ann such a fine counselor was her empathy, her ability to put herself in her client’s place and feel his emotions as if they were her own. empathize, v.

empirical adj.经验主义的 based on experience. He distrusted hunches and intuitive flashes; he placed his reliance entirely on empirical data.

■ emulate v.效仿，模仿 imitate; rival. In a brief essay, describe a person you admire, someone whose virtues you would like to emulate.

enamored adj.喜爱的，迷恋的 in love. Narcissus became enamored of his own beauty.

encipher v.把（电文等）译成密码 encode; convert a message into code. One of Bond’s first lessons was how to encipher the messages he sent to Miss Moneypenny so that none of his other lady friends could decipher them.

enclave n.飞地(指本国境内的隶属另一国的一块土地）ter-ritory enclosed within an alien land. The Vatican is an independent enclave in Italy.

encomium n.高度赞扬，赞词 high praise; eulogy. Uneasy with the encomiums expressed by his supporters, Tolkien felt unworthy of such high praise.

encompass v.环绕，包围 surround. A moat, or deep water-filled trench, encompassed the castle, protecting it from attack.

encroachment n.侵占，侵蚀 gradual intrusion. The encroachment of the factories upon the neighborhood lowered the value of the real estate.
Word List 17 encumber-etymology

encumber v.妨碍，拖累 burden. Some people encumber themselves with too much luggage when they take short trips.

endearment n.表示爱慕的言语（行动）fond statement. Your gifts and endearments cannot make me forget your earlier insolence.
endemic adj.(疾病）地方性的；某些人群特有的prevailing among a specific group of people or in a specific area or country. This disease is endemic in this part of the world; more than 80 percent of the population are at one time or another affected by it.

■	endorse v.赞同，支持 approve; support. Everyone waited to see which one of the rival candidates for the city council the mayor would endorse, (secondary meaning) endorsement, N.

enduring ad J.持久的，持续的 lasting; surviving. Keats believed in the enduring power of great art, which would outlast its creators' brief lives.

energize v.使增强决心，使充满活力invigorate; make forceful and active. Rather than exhausting Maggie, dancing energized her.

enervate v.使无力，使没精打采 weaken. She was slow to recover from her illness; even a short walk to the window would enervate her.

enfranchise v.给予…公民权（尤指选举权）to admit to the rights of citizenship (especially the right to vote). Although Blacks were enfranchised shortly after the Civil War, women did not receive the right to vote until 1920.

engage v.吸引,雇用,约束；交战 attract; hire; pledge oneself; confront. "丫our case has engaged my interest, my lord," said Holmes. "You may engage my services.” engaging adj.动人的，迷人的 charming; attractive. Everyone liked Nancy's pleasant manners and engaging personality.

engender v.导致（某种情绪或感觉）cause; produce. To receive praise for real accomplishments engenders selfconfidence in a child.

engross v.专注于 occupy fully. John was so engrossed in his studies that he did not hear his mother call.

■	enhance v.提髙，改进，增强 increase; improve. You can enhance your chances of being admitted to the college of your choice by learning to write well; an excellent essay can enhance any application.

■	enigma n.费解的事，谜 puzzle; mystery. "What do

women want?" asked Dr. Sigmund Freud. Their behavior was an enigma to him.	•

enigmatic adj.费解的，难以捉摸的 obscure; puzzling. Many have sought to fathom the enigmatic smile of the Mona Lisa.

■	enmity n.仇恨，怨恨川 will; hatred. At Camp David, President Carter labored to bring an end to the enmity that prevented the peaceful coexistence of Egypt and Israel, ennui n.倦怠，无聊 boredom. The monotonous routine of hospital life induced a feeling of ennui that made him moody and irritable.

enormity n.(问题、后果等）巨大，艰巨hugeness (in a bad sense). He did not realize the enormity of his crime until he saw what suffering he had caused.

enrapture v.着迷 please intensely. The audience was enraptured by the freshness of the voices and the excellent orchestration.

ensconce v.安顿 settle comfortably. Now that their children were ensconced safely in the private school, the jetsetting parents decided to leave for Europe.

ensemble n.小乐队，合奏组；成套的东西；套服group of (supporting) players; organic unity; costume. As a dancer with the Oakland Ballet, Benjamin enjoyed being part of the ensemble. Having acted with one another for well over a decade, the cast members have developed a true sense of ensemble: they work together seamlessly. Mitzi wore a charming two-piece ensemble designed by Donna Karan, entail v.要求；使必须 require; necessitate; involve. Building a college-level vocabulary will entail some work
on your part.

enterprising adj.富于创业精神的,具开创能力的full of initiative. By coming up with fresh ways to market the company's products, Mike proved himself to be an enterprising businessman.

enthrall v.迷住某人，使着迷 capture; enslave. From the moment he saw her picture, he was enthralled by her beauty.

entice v.诱惑，诱使 lure; attract; tempt. She always tried to entice her baby brother into mischief.

entitlement n.(拥有某物的）权利；津贴 right to claim something; right to benefits. While Bill was entitled to use a company car while he worked for the firm, the company's lawyers questioned his entitlement to the vehicle once he'd quit his job.

entity n.实体 real being. As soon as the Charter was adopted, the United Nations became an entity and had to be considered as a factor in world diplomacy.

entomology n.昆虫学 study of insects. Kent found entomology the most annoying part of his biology course; studying insects bugged him.

entourage n.随从，随行人员 group of attendants; retinue. Surrounded by the members of his entourage, the mayor hurried into city hall, shouting a brusque "No comment!M to the reporters lining the steps.

entrance v.使狂喜，使着迷 put under a spell; carry away with emotion. Shafts of sunlight on a wall could entrance her and leave her spellbound.

entreat v.恳求，乞求 plead; ask earnestly. She entreated her father to let her stay out till midnight, entrepreneur n.企业家 businessman; contractor. Opponents of our present tax program argue that it discourages entrepreneurs from trying new fields of business activity, enumerate v.列举，枚举 list; mention one by one. Huck hung his head in shame as Miss Watson enumerated his many flaws.

enunciate v.(清晰地）发音 speak distinctly. Stop mumbling! How will people understand you if you do not enunciate?

eon n.长时间段；时代 long period of time; an age. It has taken eons for our civilization to develop.

■ ephemeral adj.短暂流行的，短期存在的 short-lived; fleeting. The mayfly is an ephemera/creature: its adult life lasts little more than a day.

epic n.史诗，长篇叙事性小说（诗歌、电影等）long heroic poem, or similar work of art. Kurosawa's film Seven Samurai is an epic portraying the struggle of seven warriors to destroy a band of robbers, also adj.

epicure n.美食家 connoisseur of food and drink. Epicures frequent this restaurant because it features exotic wines and dishes, epicurean, adj.

epigram n.警句 witty thought or saying, usually short. Poor Richard's epigrams made Benjamin Franklin famous.

epilogue n.(电影、戏剧）收场白 short speech at conclusion of dramatic work. The audience was so disappointed in the play that many did not remain to hear the epilogue.

episodic adj.由许多片段组成的 loosely connected; divided into incidents. Though he tried to follow the plot of Gravity's Rainbow, John found the novel too episodic, he enjoyed individual passages, but had trouble following the work as a whole.

epistolary ad丄书信体的 consisting of letters. Mark Harris's Wake Up, Stupid! is a modern epistolary novel that uses letters, telegrams, and newspaper clippings to tell the hero's story. The movie You've Got Mail tells a story using e-mail; does that make it an e-pistolary movie? epistle, n.

epitaph n.墓志铭 inscription in memory of a dead person. In his will, he dictated the epitaph he wanted placed on his tombstone.

epithet n.(描述人或物的）表述词语，别称word or phrase characteristically used to describe a person or thing. So many kings of France were named Charles that you could tell them apart only by their epithets'. Charles the Wise was someone far different from Charles the Fat.

epitome n.典范，典型 perfect example or embodiment. Singing "I am the very model of a modern Major-General," in The Pirates of Penzance, Major-General Stanley proclaimed himself the epitome of an officer and a gentleman, epoch n.时代，纪元 period of time. The glacial epoch lasted for thousands of years.

equable ad丄平和的，性情温和的 tranquil; steady; uniform. After the hot summers and cold winters of New England, he found the climate of the West Indies equable and pleasant.

•	equanimity n.平和；镇静，沉着 calmness of temperament; composure. Even the inevitable strains of caring for an ailing mother did not disturb Bea's equanimity.

equestrian n.骑马的人，骑士 rider on horseback. These paths in the park are reserved for equestrians and their steeds, also adj.

equilibrium n.平衡，均衡 balance. After the divorce, he needed some time to regain his equilibrium. equine adj.马的，像马的 resembling a horse. His long, bony face had an equine look to it.

equinox n.春分，秋分 period of equal days and nights; the beginning of Spring and Autumn. The vernal equinox is usually marked by heavy rainstorms.

•	equitable adj.公平合理的，公正的 fair; impartial. I am seeking an equitable solution to this dispute, one that will be fair and acceptable to both sides.

equity n.公平，公正 fairness; justice. Our courts guarantee equity io all.

■ equivocal adj.模棱两可的,含糊的 ambiguous; intentionally misleading. Rejecting the candidate's equivocal comments on tax reform, the reporters pressed him to state clearly where he stood on the issue, equivocate, v.

equivocate v.含糊其辞，欺骗，隐瞒 lie; mislead; attempt to conceal the truth. No matter how bad the news is, give it to us straight. Above all, don't equivocate.

erode v.侵蚀，腐蚀，削弱 eat away. The limestone was eroded by the dripping water until only a thin shell remained, erosion, n.
erotic adj.(引起）性欲的，色情的 arousing sexual desire; pertaining to sexual love. Films with significant erotic content are rated R; pornographic films are rated X.

erratic adj.不规则的，无计划的 odd; unpredictable. Investors become anxious when the stock market appears erratic.

erroneous adj.错误的，不正确的 mistaken; wrong. I thought my answer was correct, but it was erroneous.

erudite adj.博学的，学问精深的 learned; scholarly. Unlike much scholarly writing, Huizinga's prose was entertaining as well as erudite, lively as well as learned.

escapade n.冒险（越轨）行为 prank; flighty conduct. The headmaster could not regard this latest escapade as a boyish joke and expelled the young man.

escapism n.逃避现实 avoiding reality by diverting oneself with amusements. Before you criticize her constant reading as mere escapism, note how greatly her vocabulary has improved since she began spending her days buried in books, eschew v.回避，避开 avoid. Hoping to present himself to his girlfriend as a totally reformed character, he tried to eschew all the vices, especially chewing tobacco and drinking bathtub gin.

esoteric ad丄深奥的，只有内行才懂的hard to understand; known only to the chosen few. The New Yorker short stories often include esoteric allusions to obscure people and events: the implication is, if you are in the in-crowd, you'll get the reference; if you come from Cleveland, you won't.

espionage n.间谍行为，谍报活动 spying. In order to maintain its power, the government developed a system of espionage that penetrated every household.

espouse v.支持，拥护 adopt; support. She was always ready to espouse a worthy cause.

esteem v.敬重，尊敬 respect; value. Jill esteemec/Jack’s taste in music, but she deplored his taste in clothes.

estranged adj.(与配偶）分居的;远离的 separated; alienated. The estranged wife sought a divorce, estrangement, n. ethereal adj.漂渺的，超凡的 light; heavenly; unusually refined. In Shakespeare's The Tempest, the spirit Ariel is an ef/?erea/creature, too airy and unearthly for our mortal world, ethnic adj.种族的 relating to races. Intolerance between ethnic groups is deplorable and usually is based on lack of information.

ethos n.(个人或团体的）精神特质underlying character of a culture, group, etc. Seeing how tenderly ordinary Spaniards treated her small daughter made author Barbara Kingsolver aware of how greatly children were valued in the Spanish ethos.

etymology n.词源学 study of word parts. A knowledge of etymology can help you on many English tests: if you know what the roots and prefixes mean, you can determine the meanings of unfamiliar words.

 eulogy n.颂词；颂文（尤指葬礼上的悼词和悼文）expression of praise, often on the occasion of someone's death. Instead of delivering a spoken eulogy at Genny's memorial service, Jeff sang a song he had written in her honor.

 ■ euphemism n.委婉语，委婉说法mild expression in place of an unpleasant one. The expression "he passed away” is a euphemism for "he died".

euphonious adj.悦耳的，动听的 pleasing in sound. Euphonious even when spoken, the Italian language is particularly pleasing to the ear when sung, euphony, n.

euphoria n.狂喜，异常兴奋 feeling of great happiness and well-being (sometimes exaggerated). Delighted with her SAT scores, sure that the university would accept her, Allison was filled with euphoria, euphoric, adj.

•	evanescent adj.短暂的，瞬间的 fleeting; vanishing. Brandon's satisfaction in his new job was evanescent, for he immediately began to notice its many drawbacks, evanescence, N.

evasive ad丄模棱两可的；推脱的，回避的not frank; eluding. Your evasive answers convinced the judge that you were withholding important evidence, evade, v.

evenhanded adj.公正的，不偏不倚的 impartial; fair. Do men and women receive evenhanded treatment from their teachers, or, as recent studies suggest, do teachers pay more attention to male students than to females?

evince v.表明，表露 show clearly. When he tried to answer the questions, he evinced his ignorance of the subject matter.

evocative adj.唤起感情（记忆）的 tending to call up (emotions, memories). Scent can be remarkably evocative: the aroma of pipe tobacco evokes the memory of my father; a whiff of talcum powder calls up images of my daughter as a child.

ewe n.母羊 female sheep. The flock of sheep was made up of dozens of ewes, together with only a handful of rams.

■	exacerbate v.使恶化:使加重 worsen; embitter. The latest bombing exacerbated England’s already existing bitterness against the IRA, causing the prime minister to break off the peace talks abruptly.

exacting adj.严格要求的 extremely demanding. Cleaning the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel was an exacting task, one that demanded extremely meticulous care on the part of the restorers, exaction, n.

■	exalt v.提拔；赞扬 raise in rank or dignity; praise. The actor Alec Guinness was exalted to the rank of knighthood by the queen.

exasperate v.使恼怒；使烦恼 vex. Johnny often exasperates his mother with his pranks.

exceptionable adj.引起反感的；令人气愤的objectionable. Do you find the punk rock band Green Day a highly exceptionable, thoroughly distasteful group, or do you think they are exceptionally talented performers?

•	excerpt n.(诗、书或音乐等）摘抄，目录selected passage (written or musical). The cinematic equivalent of an excerpt from a novel is a clip from a film, also v.

excise v.切除,删除 cut away; cut out. When you excise the dead and dying limbs of a tree, you not only improve its appearance but also enhance its chances of bearing fruit, excision, n.

exclaim v.呼喊:惊叫 cry out suddenly. "Watson! Behind you!" Holmes exclaimed, seeing the assassin hurl himself on his friend.

excoriate v.痛斥，严厉批i平 scold with biting harshness; strip the skin off. Seeing the holes in Bill's new pants, his mother furiously excoriated him for ruining his good clothes. The tight, starched collar chafed and excoriated his neck, rubbing it raw.

exculpate v.证明（某人）无罪；为…开脱clear from blame. He was exculpated of the crime when the real criminal confessed.
execrable adj.极坏的，极差的 very bad. The anecdote was in such execrable taste that it revolted the audience.

■	execute v.实行，执行 put into effect; carry out. The choreographer wanted to see how well she could execute a pirouette, (secondary meaning) execution, n.

exegesis n.(尤指对圣经内容的）详细解释，诠释explanation; interpretation, especially of a biblical text. The minister based her sermon on her exegesis of a difficult passage from the book of Job. exegetical, adj.

■	exemplary adj.典范的，（可作）楷模的 serving as a model; outstanding. At commencement the dean praised Ellen for her exemplary behavior as class president.

■	exemplify v.作为…的范例 serve as an example of; embody. For a generation of balletgoers, Rudolf Nureyev exemplified the ideal of masculine grace.

exempt adj.被豁免的 not subject to a duty, obligation. Because of his flat feet, Foster was exempt from serving in the armed forces, also v.

exertion n.用力，费力 effort; expenditure of much physical work. The exertion spent in unscrewing the rusty bolt left her exhausted.

■	exhaustive adj.全面的，彻底的 thorough; comprehensive. We have made an exhaustive study of all published SAT tests and are happy to share our research with you.

■	exhilarating adj.令人极度兴奋的，使兴高采烈的invigorating and refreshing; cheering. Though some of the hikers found tramping through the snow tiring, Jeffrey found the walk on the cold, crisp day exhilarating.

exhort v.力劝 urge. The evangelist exhorted all the sinners in his audience to repent, exhortation, n.

exhume v.(尤指为验尸而从墓内）掘出（尸体）dig out of the ground; remove from the grave. Could evidence that might identify the serial killer have been buried with his victim? To answer this question, the police asked the authorities for permission to exhume the victim’s body.

exigency n.紧急、,倩况 urgent situation. In this exigency, we must look for aid from our allies, exodus n.大批离去 departure. The exodus from the hot and stuffy city was particularly noticeable on Friday evenings.'

■	exonerate v.免除，证明无罪 acquit; exculpate. The defense team feverishly sought fresh evidence that might exonerate their client.

exorbitant adj.过分的，过高的 excessive. The people grumbled at his exorbitant prices but paid them because he had a monopoly.

exorcise v.马区除(邪魔)drive out evil spirits. By incantation and prayer, the medicine man sought to exorcise the evil spirits which had taken possession of the young warrior.

exotic adj.异国情调的 not native; strange. Because of his exotic headdress, he was followed in the streets by small children who laughed at his strange appearance.

expansive adj.友善健谈的；广阔的，膨胀的outgoing and sociable; broad and extensive; able to increase in size. Mr. Fezziwig was in an expansive humor, cheerfully urging his guests to join in the Christmas feast. Looking down on his expansive paunch, he sighed: if his belly expanded any further, he’d need an expansive waistline for his pants.

expatriate n.移居；侨民 exile; someone who has withdrawn from his native land. Henry James was an American expatriate who settled in England.

■	expedient adj.权宜之计的:上策的 suitable; practical;

politic. A pragmatic politician, he was guided by what was expedient rather than by what was ethical, expediency, n.

■	expedite v.促进，加快（进程）hasten. Because we are on a tight schedule, we hope you will be able to expedite the delivery of our order. The more expeditious your response is, the happier well be.

expenditure n.开支，支出(额)；产出 payment or expense; output. When you are operating on an expense account, you must keep receipts for all your expenditures. If you don't save your receipts, you won’t get repaid without the expenditure of a lot of energy arguing with the firm's accountants.

expertise n.专业知识(技能)specialized knowledge; expert skill. Although she was knowledgeable in a number of fields, she was hired for her particular expertise in computer programming.

expiate v.补偿，赎罪 make amends for (a sin). Jean Val-jean tried to expiate his crimes by performing acts of charity.

expletive n.粗话，咒骂语 interjection; profane oath. The sergeant's remarks were filled with expletives that offended the new recruits.

explicate v.详细解释 explain; interpret; clarify. Harry Levin explicated James Joyce's often bewildering novels with such clarity that even Finnegan's Wake seemed comprehensible to his students.

■	explicit adj.清楚明确的:直截了当的 totally clear； definite; outspoken. Don't just hint around that you're dissatisfied: be explicit about what's bugging you.

exploit n.英勇业绩，英勇行为 deed or action, particularly a brave deed. Raoul Wallenberg was noted for his exploits in rescuing Jews from Hitler's forces.

■	exploit v.剥削；利用 make use of, sometimes unjustly. Cesar Chavez fought attempts to exploit migrant farmworkers in California, exploitation, n. exploitative, adj. expository adj.解释的；评注的 explanatory; serving to explain. The manual that came with my VCR was no masterpiece of expository prose: its explanations were so garbled that I couldn't even figure out how to rewind a tape, exposition, N.

exposure n.暴露；揭露 risk, particularly of being exposed to disease or to the elements; unmasking; act of laying something open. Exposure to sun and wind had dried out her hair and weathered her face. She looked so changed that she no longer feared exposure as the notorious Irene Adler, one-time antagonist of Sherlock Holmes.

expropriate v.征用；没收；侵占 take possession of. He questioned the government's right to expropriate his land to create a wildlife preserve.

expunge v.删去，勾销 cancel; remove. If you behave, I will expunge this notation from your record, expurgate v.删改，删节 clean; remove offensive parts of a book. The editors felt that certain passages in the book had to be expurgated before it could be used in the classroom.

extant adj.尚存的，现存的 still in existence. Although the book is out of print, some copies are still extant. Unfortunately, all of them are in libraries or private collections; none are for sale.

extent n.程度；方圆，面积 degree; magnitude; scope. What is the extent of the patient's injuries? If they are not too extensive, we can treat him on an outpatient basis.
extenuate v.减轻，减少 weaken; mitigate. It is easier for us to extenuate our own shortcomings than those of others.

■	extol v.赞美，颂拯 praise; glorify. The president extolled the astronauts, calling them the pioneers of the Space Age.

extort v.敲诈，勒索 wring from; get money by threats, etc. The blackmailer extorted money from his victim.

extradition n.弓 |渡 surrender of prisoner by one state to another. The lawyers opposed the extradition of their client on the grounds that for more than five years he had been a model citizen.

■	extraneous adj.无关的，无直接联系的 not essential; superfluous. No wonder Ted can't think straight! His mind is so cluttered up with extraneous trivia, he can’t concentrate on the essentials.

extrapolation n.推断；推知 projection; conjecture. Based on their extrapolation from the results of the primaries on Super Tuesday, the networks predicted that Bob Dole would be the Republican candidate for the presidency, extrapolate, v.

■	extricate v.使摆脱，使脱离 free; disentangle. Icebreakers were needed to extricate the trapped whales from the icy floes that closed them in.

extrinsic adj.外在的；非固有的；非本质的external; not essential; extraneous. A critically acclaimed extrinsic feature of the Chrysler Building is its ornate spire. The judge would not admit the testimony, ruling that it was extrinsic to the matter at hand.

extrovert n.性格夕卜向的人 person interested mostly in external objects and actions. A good salesman is usually an extrovert, who likes to mingle with people.

extrude v.挤出 force or push out. Much pressure is required to extrude these plastics.

■	exuberance n.兴高采烈，精神焕发 overflowing abundance; joyful enthusiasm; flamboyance; lavishness. I was bowled over by the exuberance of Amy's welcome. What an enthusiastic greeting!

exude v.使渗出，使缓慢流出 discharge; give forth. We get maple syrup from the sap that exudes from the trees in early spring, exudation, n.

exult v.欢欣鼓舞 rejoice. We exulted when our team won the victory.

fabricate v.制造；编造 build; lie. If we fabricate the buildings in this project out of standardized sections, we can reduce construction costs considerably. Because of Jack's tendency to fabricate, Jill had trouble believing a word he said.

facade n.(尤指大型建筑的）正面；（掩盖真实感情的)外表 front (of building); superficial or false appearance. The ornate facade of the church was often photographed by tourists, who never bothered to walk around the building to view its other sides. Susan seemed super-confident, but that was just a facade she put on to hide her insecurity.

facet n.(宝石的）刻面，琢面；（性格等的一个）方面small plane surface (of a gem); a side. The stonecutter decided to improve the rough diamond by providing it with several facets.

facetious adj.故作诙谐的，不正经的 joking (often inappropriately); humorous. I'm serious about this project; I don't need any facetious, smart-alecky cracks about do-gooder little rich girls.

facile adj.容易的；肤浅的 easily accomplished; ready or fluent; superficial. Words came easily to Jonathan: he was a

facile speaker and prided himself on being ready to make a speech at a moment's notice.

■ facilitate v.有助于，使容易 help bring about; make less difficult. Rest and proper nourishment should facilitate the patient's recovery.	、

facsimile n.摹本，精确的复制品 copy. Many museums

sell facsimiles of the works of art on display.

faction n.派别，小团体；派系斗争 party; clique; dissen-
sion. The quarrels and bickering of the two small factions within the club disturbed the majority of the members.

faculty n.才能；（大学）全体教师 mental or bodily powers; teaching staff. As he grew old, Professor Twiggly feared he might lose his faculties and become unfit to teach. However, he had tenure: whether or not he was in full possession of his faculties, the school couldn't kick him off the faculty.
Word List 19 fallacious-flinch

■	fallacious adj.谬误的，虚妄的 false; misleading. Paradoxically, fallacious reasoning does not always yield erroneous results: even though your logic may be faulty, the answer you get may nevertheless be correct, fallacy, n.

fallible adj.易犯错误的 liable to err. I know I am fallible, but I feel confident that I am right this time.

•	fallow adj. (土地）犁过而不播种的，休耕的plowed but not sowed; uncultivated. Farmers have learned that it is advisable to permit land to lie fallow every few years.

•	falter v.犹豫 hesitate. When told to dive off the high board, she did not falter, but proceeded at once.

■	fanaticism n.(对政治、宗教等）狂热，盲信excessive zeal; extreme devotion to a belief or cause. When Islamic fundamentalists demanded the death of Salman Rushdie because his novel questioned their faith, world opinion condemned them for their fanaticism.

fancy n.想法，一时的兴致，爱好 notion; whim; inclination. Martin took a fancy to paint his toenails purple. Assuming he would outgrow such fanciful behavior, his parents ignored his fancy feet, also adj.

fanfare n.(仪式等开始前吹奏的）小段响亮的喇叭乐call by bugles or trumpets. The exposition was opened with a fanfare of trumpets and the firing of cannon.

farce n.闹剧，滑稽剧 broad comedy; mockery. Nothing went right; the entire interview degenerated into a farce, farcical, ADJ.

■	fastidious adj.挑剔的，过分讲究的 difficult to please; squeamish. Bobby was such a fastidious.eater that he would eat a sandwich only if his mother first cut off every scrap of crust.

fatalism n.宿命论 belief that events are determined by forces beyond one's control. With fatalism, he accepted the hardships that beset him. fatalistic, adj.

•	fathom v.弄清，搞懂 comprehend; investigate. I find his motives impossible to fathom-, in fact, I'm totally clueless about what goes on in his mind.

fatuous adj.蠢的，昏庸的 foolish; inane. He is far too intelligent to utter such fatuous remarks, fauna n.(某地或时期的）动物群animals of a period or region. The scientist could visualize the fauna of the period by examining the skeletal remains and the fossils, fawning adj.巴结的，讨好的 courting favor by cringing and flattering. She was constantly surrounded by a group of fawning admirers who hoped to win some favor, fawn, v.

faze v.使发窘，使惊慌失措 disconcert; dismay. No crisis could faze the resourceful hotel manager.

■	feasible adj.可行的，行得通的 practical. Is it feasible to build a new stadium for the Yankees on New York's West Side? Without additional funding, the project is clearly unrealistic.

fecundity n.多产，生殖旺盛 fertility; fruitfulness. The
fecundity of his mind is illustrated by the many vivid images in his poems.

feign v.假装，装(睡、病等）pretend. Bobby feigned \\\-ness, hoping that his mother would let him stay home from school.

feint n.(拳击)佯攻，虚晃 trick; shift; sham blow. The boxer was fooled by his opponent's feint and dropped his guard, also v.

felicitous adj.恰当的，贴切的 apt; suitably expressed; well chosen. He was famous for his felicitous remarks and was called upon to serve as master-of-ceremonies at many a banquet, felicity, n.	}

felicity n.幸福；恰当，巧妙 happiness; appropriateness (of a remark, choice, etc.). She wrote a note to the newlyweds wishing them great felicity in their wedded life.

fell adj.残暴的，凶猛的 cruel; deadly. Newspaper reports of the SARS epidemic told of the tragic spread of the fell disease.

• fell v.砍伐(树木）,击倒 cut or knock down; bring down (with a missile). Crying "Timber!” Paul Bunyan felled the mighty redwood tree. Robin Hood loosed his arrow and felled the king's deer.

felon n.(法律）重罪犯 person convicted of a grave crime. A convicted felon loses the right to vote, feral adj.(动物）野生的 not domestic; wild. Abandoned by their owners, dogs may revert to their feral state, roaming the woods in packs.

ferment n.骚动，暴乱 agitation; commotion. With the breakup of'the Soviet Union, much of Eastern Europe was in a state of ferment.

ferret v.搜出，驱出 drive or hunt out of hiding. She ferreted out their secret.

fervent adj.热的，热心的 ardent; hot. She felt that the fervent praise was excessive and somewhat undeserved, fervid adj.炽热的，热烈的 ardent. Her fervid enthusiasm inspired all of us to undertake the dangerous mission.

■ fervor n.热情，热烈，炽热 glowing ardor; intensity of feeling. At the protest rally, the students cheered the strikers and booed the dean with equal fervor.

fester v.溃烂，发炎：激怒 rankle; produce irritation or resentment. Joe's insult festered in Anne’s mind for days, and made her too angry to speak to him.

festive adj.庆祝的，喜庆的，欢乐的 joyous; celebratory. Their wedding in the park was a festive occasion, fetid adj.有恶臭的 malodorous. The neglected wound became fetid.

fetter v.束缚，加脚镣 shackle. The prisoner was fettered to the wall.

fiasco n. *渗败，大失败 total failure. Tanya's attempt to look sophisticated by taking up smoking was a fiasco: she

lit the filter, choked when she tried to inhale, and burned a hole in her boyfriend's couch.

fickle adj.变幻无常的，薄情的 changeable; faithless. As soon as Romeo saw Juliet, he forgot all about his old girlfriend Rosaline. Was Romeo fickle?

fictitious ad j.假想的，编造的 imaginary. Although this book purports to be a biography of George Washington, many of the incidents are fictitious.

fidelity n.忠实 loyalty. Iago wickedly manipulates Othello, arousing his jealousy and causing him to question his wife's fidelity.

figment n.臆造的事物，虚构的事 invention; imaginary thing. Was he hearing real voices in the night, or were they just a figment of his imagination?

figurative adj.比喻的，修辞丰富的 not literal, but metaphorical; using a figure of speech. "To lose one’s marbles" is a figurative expression; if you’re told that Jack has lost his marbles, no one expects you to rush out to buy him a replacement set.

figurine n. /J、雕像 small ornamental statuette. In The Maltese Falcon, Sam Spade was hired to trace the missing figurine of a black bird.

filament n.细丝，灯丝 fine thread or fiber; threadlike structure within a lightbulb. A ray of sunlight illuminated the filaments of the spider web, turning the web into a net of gold.

filch v.偷窃，窃取 steal. The boys filched apples from the fruit stand.

filial adj.子女的，孝J顾的 pertaining to a son or daughter. Many children forget their filial obligations and disregard the wishes of their parents.

filibuster v.(议会上）以冗长的演说阻挠议案通过to block legislation by making long speeches. Even though we disapproved of Senator Foghorn's political goals, we were impressed by his ability to filibuster endlessly to keep an issue from coming to a vote.

finale n.结局，终曲 conclusion. It is not until we reach the finale of this play that we can understand the author's message.

finesse n.精密的技巧 delicate skill. The finesse and adroitness with which the surgeon wielded her scalpel impressed all the observers in the operating room.

finicky ad丄苛求的，过于挑剔的 too particular; fussy. The little girl was finicky about her food, leaving over anything that wasn't to her taste.

firebrand n.挑动争端者，煽动叛乱者hothead: trouble-
maker. The police tried to keep track of all the local firebrands when the President came to town.

fissure n.裂缝，裂沟 crevice. The mountain climbers secured footholds in tiny fissures in the rock.

• fitful adj.间歇的,断断续续的 spasmodic; intermittent. After several fitful attempts, he decided to postpone the start of the project until he felt more energetic.

flabbergasted adj.大吃一惊的，目瞪口呆的 astounded; astonished; overcome with surprise. In the film Flubber, the hero invents a remarkable substance whose amazing properties leave his coworkers flabbergasted, flabbergast, v.

flaccid ad丄软弱的，无力的 flabby. His sedentary life had left him with flaccid muscles.

flag v.萎靡，变弱 droop; grow feeble. When the opposing hockey team scored its third goal only minutes into the first quarter, the home team’s spirits flagged, flagging, adj.

■ flagrant ad丄罪恶昭彰的，明目张胆的conspicuously wicked; blatant; outrageous. The governor's appointment of his brother-in-law to the State Supreme Court was a flagrant violation of the state laws against nepotism (favoritism based on kinship).

flair n.才能，本领 talent. She has an uncanny flair for discovering new artists before the public has become aware of their existence.

flamboyant adj.火焰似的，华丽的 ornate. Modern architecture has discarded the flamboyant	on buildings

and emphasizes simplicity of line.

flaunt v.招摇，炫耀 display ostentatiously. Mae West saw nothing wrong with showing off her considerable physical charms, saying, "Honey, if you've got it, flaunt it!"

fleck v.使有斑点 spot. Her cheeks, flecked with tears, were testimony to the hours of weeping.

fledgling adj.无经验的 inexperienced. The folk dance club set up an apprentice program to allow fledgling dance callers a chance to polish their skills, also n.

fleece n.羊毛（尤指未剪下的）wool coat of a sheep. They shear sheep of their fleece, which they then comb into separate strands of wool.

fleece v.骗取财物，欺诈 rob; plunder. The tricksters fleeced of his inheritance.

flick n.(用鞭)快速的轻打 light stroke as with a whip. The horse needed no encouragement; one flick of the whip was all the jockey had to apply to get the animal to run at top speed.

flinch v.畏缩，退缩 hesitate, shrink. He did not flinch in the face of danger but fought back bravely.
Word List 20 flippant-gaffe

flippant adj.轻?孚的，无礼的 lacking proper seriousness. When Mark told Mona he loved her, she dismissed his earnest declaration with a flippant "Oh, you say that to all the girls!" flippancy, n.

flit v.掠过，迅速飞过 fly; dart lightly; pass swiftly by. Like a bee flitting from flower to flower, Rose flitted from one boyfriend to the next.

floe n.大浮冰 mass of floating ice. The ship made slow progress as it battered its way through the ice floes.

flora n.植物群 plants of a region or era. Because she was a botanist, she spent most of her time studying the flora of the desert.
• florid adj.红润的，缩丽的 ruddy; reddish; flowery. If you go to Florida and get a sunburn, your complexion will look florid. If your postcards about the trip praise Florida in flowery words, your prose sounds florid.

flounder v.挣扎，困难地往前走 struggle and thrash about; proceed clumsily or falter. Up to his knees in the bog, Floyd floundered about, trying to regain his footing. Bewildered by the new software, Flo floundered until Jan showed her how to get started.

flourish v.繁荣，茂盛；装饰 grow well; prosper; decorate with ornaments. The orange trees flourished in the sun.

flout v.轻视，愚弄 reject; mock. The headstrong youth flouted all authority; he refused to be curbed, fluctuate v.变动，动摇 waver; shift. The water pressure in our shower fluctuates wildly; you start rinsing yourself off with a trickle, and, two minutes later, a blast of water nearly knocks you down.

fluency n.流利，流畅 smoothness of speech. He spoke French with fluency and ease.

fluke n.偶然；侥幸 unlikely occurrence; stroke of fortune. When Douglas defeated Tyson for the heavyweight championship, some sportscasters dismissed his victory as a fluke.

fluster v.慌乱，混乱 confuse. The teacher's sudden question flustered him and he stammered his reply.

flux n.涨潮，变迁 flowing; series of changes. While conditions are in such a state of flux, I do not wish to commit myself too deeply in this affair.

fodder n.饲料，草料 coarse food for cattle, horses, etc. One of Nancy's chores at the ranch was to put fresh supplies of fodder in the horses' stalls.

foible n.弱点，.(性格上的）缺点 weakness; slight fault. We can overlook the foibles of our friends; no one is perfect, foil n.烘托，衬托 contrast. In Star Wars, dark, evil Darth Vader is a perfect foil for fair-haired, naive Luke Skywalker. foil v.阻止，挫败 defeat; frustrate. In the end, Skywalker is able to foil Vader's diabolical schemes.

foliage n.[总称]叶，叶子 masses of leaves. Every autumn before the leaves fell he promised himself he would drive through New England to admire the colorful fall- foliage.

foment v.激起，鼓动 stir up; instigate. Cheryl's archenemy Heather spread some nasty rumors that fomented trouble in the club. Do you think Cheryl’s foe meant to foment such discord?

• foolhardy adj.愚勇的，莽撞的 rash. Don't be foolhardy. Get the advice of experienced people before undertaking this venture.

fop n.过分讲究衣饰或举动的人，花花公子dandy; man excessively concerned with his clothes. People who dismissed young Mizrahi as a fop felt chagrined when he turned into one of the top fashion designers of his day. foppish, ADJ.

forbearance • n.自制，忍、耐 patience. Be patient with John. Treat him with forbearance: he is still weak from his illness.

ford n.浅滩 place where a river can be crossed on foot. Rather than risk using the shaky rope bridge, David walked a half-mile downstream until he came to the nearest ford. also v.

forebears n.祖先，祖宗 ancestors. Reverence for one’s forebears (sometimes referred to as ancestor worship) plays an important part in many Oriental cultures, foreboding n.不祥之兆，凶兆 premonition of evil. Suspecting no conspiracies against him, Caesar gently ridiculed his wife’s forebodings about the Ides of March.

forensic adj.适于法庭的，公开辩论的suitable to debate or courts of law. In her best forensic manner, the lawyer addressed the jury, forensics, n.

foreshadow v.预示，预兆 give an indication beforehand; portend; prefigure. In retrospect, political analysts realized that Yeltsin's defiance of the attempted coup foreshadowed his emergence as the dominant figure of the new Russian republic.
foresight n.远见性，深谋远虑 ability to foresee future happenings; prudence. A wise investor, she had the foresight {0 buy land just before the current real estate boom.

forestall v.先发制人，预防 prevent by taking action in advance. By setting up a prenuptial agreement, the prospective bride and groom hoped to forestall any potential arguments about money in the event of a divorce.

forgo v.作罢，放弃 give up; do without. Determined to lose weight for the summer, Ida decided to forgo dessert until she could fit into a size eight again.

forlorn adj.孤独凄凉的，悲惨的 sad and lonely; wretched. Deserted by her big sisters and her friends, the forlorn child sat sadly on the steps awaiting their return, formality n.仪式，礼节，俗套 ceremonious quality; something done just for form's sake. The president received the visiting heads of state with due formality: flags waving, honor guards standing at attention, anthems sounding at full blast. Signing this petition is a mere formality; it does not obligate you in any way.

formidable adj.令人生畏的；艰难的，可怕的inspiring fear or apprehension; difficult; awe-inspiring. In the film Meet the Parents, the hero is understandably nervous around his fiancee’s father, a formidable CIA agent, forsake v.摒弃，抛弃 desert; abandon; renounce. No one expected Foster to forsake his wife and children and run off with another woman.

forswear v.发誓戒除；放弃 renounce; abandon. The captured knight could escape death only if he agreed to forswear Christianity and embrace Islam as the one true faith.

forte n.特长，专长 strong point or special talent. I am not eager to play this rather serious role, for my forte is comedy.

forthright adj.直接的，坦白的 outspoken; straightforward; frank. Never afraid to call a spade a spade, she was perhaps too forthright to be a successful party politician.

fortitude n.坚韧，冈!)毅 bravery; courage. He was awarded the medal for his fortitude in the battle.

fortuitous adj.偶尔发生的，巧合的 accidental; by chance. Though he pretended their encounter was fortuitous, he’d actually been hanging around her usual haunts for the past two weeks, hoping she'd turn up.

forum n.公共集会场地；讨论会 place of assembly to discuss public concerns; meeting for discussion. The film opens with a shot of the ancient Forum in Rome, where several senators are discussing the strange new sect known as Christians. At the end of the movie, its director presided over a forum examining new fashions in filmmaking.

foster v.抚育！鼓励 rear; encourage. According to the legend, Romulus and Remus were fostered by a she-wolf who raised the abandoned infants with her own cubs, also ADJ.

founder v.失败；沉没 fail completely; sink. After hitting the submerged iceberg, the Titanic started taking in water rapidly and soon foundered.

founder n.创建者，缔造者 person who establishes (an organization, business). Among those drowned when the Titanic sank was the founder of the Abraham & Straus department store.

fracas n.高声争吵，打斗 brawl, melee. The military police stopped the fracas in the bar and arrested the belligerents.

fractious adj.难驾驭的，不驯服的；暴躁的，易怒的 unruly; disobedient; irritable. Bucking and kicking, the frac-

tious horse unseated its rider.

frail adj.虚弱的 weak. The delicate child seemed too frail to lift the heavy carton, frailty, n.

franchise n.特权,公民权；特许经营权right granted by authority; right to vote; business licensed to sell a product in a particular territory. The city issued a franchise to the company to operate surface transit lines on the streets for ninety-nine years. For most of American history women lacked the right to vote: not until the early twentieth century was the franchise granted to women. Stan owns a Carvel's ice cream franchise in Chinatown.

frantic adj.狂乱的，疯狂的 wild. At the time of the collision, many people became frantic with fear.

fraternize v.结有深交，友善 associate in a friendly way. After the game, the members of the two teams fraternized as cheerfully as if they had never been rivals.

fraudulent adj.欺诈的，欺骗性的争吵 cheating; deceitful. The government seeks to prevent fraudulent and misleading advertising.

fraught adj.充满…的 filled. Since this enterprise is fraught with danger, I will ask for volunteers who are willing to assume the risks.

fray n.打斗 brawl. The three musketeers were in the thick of the fray.

frenetic adj.发狂的，狂热的 frenzied; frantic. His frenetic activities convinced us that he had no organized plan of operation.

frenzied adj.狂热的，狂乱的 madly excited. As soon as they smelled smoke, the frenzied animals milled about in their cages.

fresco n.壁画 painting on plaster (usually fresh). The cathedral is visited by many tourists who wish to admire the frescoes by Giotto.

fret v.(使)烦恼，（使)焦急 to be annoyed or vexed. To fret over your poor grades is foolish; instead, decide to work harder in the future.

friction n.矛盾，摩擦 clash in opinion; rubbing against. At this time when harmony is essential, we cannot afford to have any friction in our group.

frigid adj.寒冷的 intensely cold. Alaska is in the frigid zone.

■ frivolous adj.轻率的，敷衍的；无关紧要的lacking in seriousness; self-indulgently carefree; relatively unimportant. Though Nancy enjoyed Bill's frivolous, lighthearted companionship, she sometimes wondered whether he could ever be serious, frivolity, n.

frolicsome adj.爱闹着玩的，嬉戏的 prankish; gay. The frolicsome puppy tried to lick the face of its master, frond n.(蕨类植物、棕榈树或香蕉树庞大的）叶子fern
leaf; palm or banana leaf. After the storm the beach was littered with the fronds of palm trees.

■	frugality n.节俭，俭省 thrift; economy. In economically hard times, anyone who doesn't learn to practice frugality risks bankruptcy, frugal, adj.

fruition n.结果实；成就；实现 bearing of fruit; fulfillment; realization. After years of saving and scrimping, her dream of owning her own home finally came to fruition.

frustrate v.挫败，阻饶 thwart; defeat. Constant partisan bickering frustrated the governor's efforts to convince the legislature to approve his proposed budget.

fugitive adj.短暂的；流浪的 fleeting or transitory; roving. The film brought a few fugitive images to her mind, but on the whole it made no lasting impression upon her. fulcrum n.(杠杆的）支点 support on which a lever rests. If we use this stone as a fulcrum and the crowbar as a lever, we may be able to move this boulder.

fulsome adj.过分的，令人生厌的 disgustingly excessive. Disgusted by her fans’ fulsome admiration, the movie star retreated from the public, crying, "I want to be alone!”

fundamental v.基础的，基本的，根本的 basic; primary; essential. The committee discussed all sorts of side issues without ever getting down to addressing the fundamental problem.

furlough n.休假，放假 leave of absence; vacation granted a soldier or civil servant. Dreaming of her loved ones back in the States, the young soldier could hardly wait for her upcoming furlough.

furor n.激怒，狂热 frenzy; great excitement. The story of her embezzlement of the funds created a furor on the Stock Exchange.	-

■	furtive adj.偷偷摸摸的，隐密的 stealthy; sneaky. Noticing the furtive glance the customer gave the diamond bracelet on the counter, the jeweler wondered whether he had a potential shoplifter on his hands.

fusion n.联合:熔化，熔合 union; blending; synthesis. So-called rockabilly music represents a fusion of country music and blues that became rock and roll.

futile adj.无用的，无效果的 useless; hopeless; ineffectual. It is futife for me to try to get any work done around here while the telephone is ringing every thirty seconds, futility, n.

gadfly n.牛蝇；讨厌的人 animal-biting fly; an irritating person. Like a gadfly, he irritated all the guests at the hotel; within forty-eight hours, everyone regarded him as an annoying busybody.

gaffe n.失礼，失态 social blunder. According to Miss Manners, to call your husband by your lover's name is worse than a mere gaffe-, it is a tactical mistake.
Word List 21 gainsay-gory

gainsay v.否认 deny. Even though it reflected badly upon him, he was too honest to gainsay the truth of the report.

gait n.步态，步法；速度 manner of walking or running; speed. The lame man walked with an uneven gait.

galaxy n.星系，银河；一群显赫的人 large, isolated system of stars, such as the Milky Way; any collection of brilliant personalities. Science fiction stories speculate about the possible existence of life in other galaxies. The deaths of such famous actors as John Candy and George Bums
tells us that the galaxy of Hollywood superstars is rapidly disappearing.

gale n.大风，一•阵风，情感爆发 windstorm; gust of wind; emotional outburst (laughter, tears). The Weather Channel warned viewers about a rising gale, with winds of up to sixty miles per hour.

gall n.胆汁，苦味；恶毒，怨恨 bitterness; nerve. The

knowledge of his failure filled him with gall.

gall v.磨伤；烦annoy; chafe. Their taunts galled him.

galleon n.大型帆船 large sailing ship. The Spaniards pinned their hopes on the galleon, the large warship; the British, on the smaller and faster pinnace.

galvanize v.刺激，激励 stimulate by shock; stir up; revitalize. News that the prince was almost at their door galvanized the ugly stepsisters into a frenzy of combing and primping, gambit n.以优势的开局棋法开始opening in chess in which a piece is sacrificed. The player was afraid to accept his opponent's gambit because he feared a trap which as yet he could not see.

gambol v.欢跳，雀跃，耍闹 skip; leap playfully. Watching the children gambol in the park, Betty marveled at their youthful energy and spirit.

gamely adv.不屈地，勇敢士也 bravely; with spirit. Because he had fought gamely against a much superior boxer, the crowd gave him a standing ovation when he left the arena, gamut n.整个范围 entire range. In a classic put-down of actress Katharine Hepburn, the critic Dorothy Parker wrote that the actress ran the gamut of emotion from A to B. gape v.张大；目瞪口.呆 open widely; stare open-mouthed. The huge pit gaped before him; if he stumbled, he would fall in. Slack-jawed in wonder, Huck gaped at the huge stalactites hanging down from the ceiling of the limestone cavern, garbled ad丄混淆的，歪曲的 mixed up; jumbled; distorted. A favorite party game involves passing a whispered message from one person to another until, by the time it reaches the last player, the message is totally garbled.

gargantuan adj.巨大的，庞大的 huge; enormous. The gargantuan wrestler was terrified of mice, garish adj.过分鲜艳的，俗气的 over-bright in color; gaudy. She wore a gaudy rhinestone necklace with an excessively garish gold lame dress.

garner v.收藏，储藏 gather; store up. In her long career as an actress, Katharine Hepburn garnered many awards, including the coveted Oscar.

garnish v.装饰 decorate. The chef garnishedboiled potatoes with a sprinkling of parsley, also n.

■ garrulous ad丄饶舌的，多嘴的 loquacious; wordy; talkative. My Uncle Henry is the most garrulous person in Cayuga County: he can outtalk anyone I know, garrulity, n. gauche adj.笨拙的，粗鲁的 clumsy; coarse and uncouth. Compared to the sophisticated young ladies in their elegant gowns, tomboyish Jo felt gauche and out of place, gaudy adj.华而不实的 flashy; showy. The newest Trump skyscraper is typically gaudy, covered in gilded panels that gleam in the sun.

gaunt adj.消瘦的，憔悴的 lean and angular; barren. His once round face looked surprisingly gaunt after he had lost weight.

gavel n.槌，槌棒 hammerlike tool; mallet. "Sold!" cried the auctioneer, banging her gavel on the table to indicate she'd accepted the final bid.

gawk v.呆呆地看着 stare foolishly; look in open-mouthed awe. The country boy gawked at the skyscrapers and neon lights of the big city.

genealogy n.系谱，宗谱 record of descent; lineage. He was proud of his genealogy and constantly referred to the achievements of his ancestors.

generality n.通贝ij，概论 vague statement. This report is filled with generalities; be more specific in your statements.

generate v.产生：发生 cause; produce; create. In his first days in office, President Clinton managed to generate a new
mood of optimism; we just hoped he could generate some new jobs.

generic adj. 一般的，普通的 characteristic of an entire class or species. Sue knew so many computer programmers who spent their spare time playing fantasy games that she began to think that playing Dungeons & Dragons was a generic trait.

genesis ’n.起源 beginning; origin. Tracing the genesis of a family is the theme of Roots.

geniality n.愉快，亲切 cheerfulness; kindliness; sympathy. This restaurant is famous and popular because of the geniality of the proprietor who tries to make everyone happy.

genre n.类型，流派，体裁 particular variety of art or literature. Both a short story writer and a poet, Langston Hughes proved himself equally skilled in either genre.

genteel ad丄受良好教育并有礼貌的well-bred; elegant. We are looking for a man with a genteel appearance who can inspire confidence by his cultivated manner.

gentility n.高贵的出身；文雅 those of gentle birth; refinement. Her family was proud of its gentility and elegance.

gentry n.贵族们；乡绅 people of standing; class of people just below nobility. The local gentry not welcome the visits of the summer tourists and tried to ignore their presence in the community.

germane adj.有密切关系的 pertinent; bearing upon the case at hand. The judge refused to allow the testimony to be heard by the jury because it was not germane to the case.

germinal adj.幼芽的，萌发的；有创造性的pertaining to a germ; creative. Such an idea is germinal; I am certain that it will influence thinkers and philosophers for many generations.

germinate v.发芽，发育，使生长 cause to sprout; sprout. After the seeds germinate and develop their permanent leaves, the plants may be removed from the cold frames and transplanted to the garden.

gesticulation n.姿势，手势 motion; gesture. We were still too far off to make out what Mother was shouting, but from her animated gesticulations we could tell she wanted us to hurry home instantly.

ghastly ;adj.可的，十京人的 horrible. The murdered man was a ghastly sight.

gibberish n.快而令人费解的话，胡扯nonsense; babbling. Did you hear that fool boy spouting gibberish about monsters from outer space? gibber, v.

gibe v.嘲笑，奚落 mock; taunt; scoff at. The ugly stepsisters constantly gibed at Cinderella, taunting her about her ragged clothes.

gingerly adv.小心翼翼地，谨慎地 very carefully. To separate egg whites, first crack the egg gingerly.

girth n.周长 distance around something; circumference. It took an extra-large cummerbund to fit around Andrew Carnegie's considerable girth.

gist n.要点，要旨 essence. She was asked to give the gist of the essay in two sentences.

• glacial adj.冰的，冰冷的 like a glacier; extremely cold. Never a warm person, when offended John could seem positively glacial.

glaring adj.显眼的，耀眼的 highly conspicuous; harshly bright. Glaring spelling or grammatical errors in your resume will unfavorably impress potential employers.

glaze v.装玻璃；上釉 cover with a thin and shiny surface. The freezing rain glazed the streets and made driving hazardous. also n.

glib adj. 口齿伶倒的，油腔滑调的 fluent; facile; slick. Keeping up a steady patter to entertain his customers, the kitchen gadget salesman was a glib speaker, never at a loss for a word.

glimmer v.隐约闪现，闪烁 shine erratically; twinkle. In the darkness of the cavern, the glowworms hanging from the cavern roof glimmered like distant stars.

gloat v.洋洋自得，幸灾乐祸 express evil satisfaction; view malevolently. As you gloat over your ill-gotten wealth, do you think of the many victims you have defrauded?

glossary n.(常置于书尾的）词汇表，术语表brief explanation of words used in the text. I have found the glossary in this book very useful; it has eliminated many trips to the dictionary.

gloss over v.辩护，掩盖 explain away. No matter how hard he tried to talk around the issue, President Bush could not gloss over the fact that he had raised taxes after all.

glossy adj.平滑的，有光泽的 smooth and shining. I want this photograph printed on glossy paper, not matte, glower v.怒目而视 scowl. The angry boy glowered at his father.
glut v.塞满，充斥；暴食 overstock; fill to excess. The many manufacturers glutted the market and could not find purchasers for the excess articles they had produced, also n.

■ glutton n.暴食者 someone who eats too much. When Mother saw that Bobby had eaten all the cookies, she called him a little glutton, gluttonous, adj.

gnarled adj.多节的或扭曲的 twisted. The weather-beaten old sailor was as gnarled and bent as an old oak tree.

gnome n.诛儒,土地神 dwarf; underground spirit. In medieval mythology, gnomes were the special guardians and inhabitants of subterranean mines.

goad v.驱策，激励;唆使，煽动 urge on; spur; incite. Mother was afraid that Ben’s wild friends would goad him into doing something that would get him into trouble with the law. also n.

gorge n.山峡，峡谷 small, steep-walled canyon. The white-water rafting guide warned us about the rapids farther downstream, where the river cut through a narrow gorge. gorge v.塞饱 stuff oneself. The gluttonous guest gorged himself with food as though he had not eaten for days.

gory adj.血淋淋的 bloody. The audience shuddered as they listened to the details of the gory massacre.
Word List 22 gouge-hiatus

gouge v.挖出 tear out. In that fight, all the rules were forgotten; the adversaries bit, kicked, and tried to gouge each other’s eyes out.

gourmand n.美食家 epicure; person who takes excessive pleasure in food and drink. Gourmands lack self-restraint; if they enjoy a particular cuisine, they eat far too much of it. gourmet n.美食家 connoisseur of food and drink. The gourmet stated that this was the best onion soup she had ever tasted.

graduated adj.分等级的，分阶段的 arranged by degrees (of height, difficulty, etc.). Margaret loved her graduated set of Russian hollow wooden dolls; she spent hours happily putting the smaller dolls into their larger counterparts.

graft n.(接技用的)嫩枝；（移植的）组织piece of transplanted tissue; portion of plant inserted in another plant. After the fire, Greg required skin grafts to replace the badly damaged areas on his forearms, also v.

grandeur n.庄严，伟大 impressiveness; stateliness; majesty. No matter how often he hiked through the mountains, David never failed to be struck by the grandeur of the Sierra Nevada range.

grandiloquent adi 夸张的，浮夸的 pompous; bombastic; using highsounding language. The politician could never speak simply; she was always grandiloquent.

grandiose adj.浮夸的，夸大的 pretentious; high-flown; ridiculously exaggerated; impressive. The aged matinee idol still had grandiose notions of his supposed importance in the theatrical world.

granulate v.成为粒状 form into grains. Sugar that has been granulated dissolves more readily than lump sugar, granule, n.

graphic adj.图解的》描写生动的 pertaining to the art of delineating; vividly described. The description of the winter
storm was so graphic that you could almost feel the hailstones.

grapple v.格斗，扭打 wrestle; come to grips with. He grappled with the burglar and overpowered him.

grate v.发出刺耳的声音：磨损，使气恼make a harsh noise; have an unpleasant effect; shred. The screams of the •quarreling children grated on her nerves.

■	gratify v.使满足 please. Lori’s parents were gratified by her successful performance on the SAT.

gratis adj.免费的 free. The company offered to give one package gratis to every purchaser of one of their products, also ADJ.

■	gratuitous adj.无偿的；无端的，不必要的given freely; unwarranted; uncalled for. Quit making gratuitous comments about my driving; no one asked you for your opinion.

■	gravity n.严重性 seriousness. We could tell we were in serious trouble from the gravity of the principal's expression. (secondary meaning) grave, adj.

■	gregarious adj.合群的，爱交友的 sociable. Typically, partygoers are gregarious., hermits are not.

grievance n.委屈，不平 cause of complaint. When her supervisor ignored her complaint, she took her grievance to the union.

grill v.严力卩盘问 question severely. In violation of the Miranda law, the police grilled the suspect for several hours before reading him his rights, (secondary meaning)

grimace n.面部歪扭，苦相，鬼脸 a facial distortion to show feeling such as pain, disgust, etc. Even though he remained silent, his grimace indicated his displeasure, also v.

grisly adj.恐怖的，可怕的 ghastly. She shuddered at the grisly sight.

grouse v.埋怨，发牢骚 complain; fuss. Students traditionally grouse about the abysmal quality of “mystery meat"

and similar dormitory food.

grotesque adj.奇怪的：怪诞的 fantastic; comically hideous. On Halloween people enjoy wearing grotesque costumes.

grove n.小树林，果园 group of trees (smaller than a forest); orchard. To the child, the small grove of oaks was vast as Sherwood Forest, in which he played that legendary hero, Robin Hood.

grovel v.匍匐；奴颜婢膝 crawl or creep on ground; remain prostrate. Mr. Wickfield was never harsh to his employees; he could not understand why Uriah would always cringe and grovel as if he expected a beating.

grudging adj.不愿的；勉强的；吝惜的 unwilling; reluctant; stingy. We received only grudging support from the mayor despite his earlier promises of aid.

gruel v.稀粥，麦片粥 liquid food made by boiling oatmeal, etc., in milk or water. Our daily allotment of gruel made the meal not only monotonous but also unpalatable.

grueling adj.折磨的，使精疲力尽的exhausting. The marathon is a grueling race.

gruesome adj.可怕的，可憎的 grisly; horrible. His face was the stuff of nightmares: all the children in the audience screamed when Freddy Kruger’s gruesome countenance was flashed on the screen.

gruff adj.粗暴的，脾气坏的 rough-mannered. Although he was blunt and gruff with most people, he was always gentle with children.

guffaw n.哄笑，狂笑 boisterous laughter. The loud guffaws that came from the closed room indicated that the members of the committee had not yet settled down to serious business, also v.

■	guile n.狡诈，诡计 deceit; duplicity; wiliness; cunning. Iago uses considerable guile to trick Othello into believing that Desdemona has been unfaithful.

guileless adj.坦率的，正直的 without deceit. He is naive, simple, and guileless; he cannot be guilty of fraud, guise n.夕卜观，装束 appearance; costume. In the guise of a plumber, the detective investigated the murder case.

■	gullible adj.易受骗的 easily deceived. Overly gullible people have only themselves to blame if they fall for con artists repeatedly. As the saying goes, Tool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.'1

gustatory adj.尝味的，味觉的 affecting the sense of taste. The Thai restaurant offered an unusual gustatory experience for those used to a bland cuisine.

gusto n.兴致勃勃，热情 enjoyment; enthusiasm. He accepted the assignment with such gusto that I feel he would have been satisfied with a smaller salary, gusty adj.多风的，阵风的 windy. The gusty weather made sailing precarious.

• hackneyed adj.陈腐的，常见的 commonplace; trite. When the reviewer criticized the movie for its hackneyed plot, we agreed; we had seen similar stories hundreds of times before.

haggard adj.憔悴的，形容枯槁的 wasted away; gaunt. After his long illness, he was pale and haggard. haggle v.讨价还价 argue about prices. I prefer to shop in a store that has a one-price policy because, whenever I haggle with a shopkeeper, I am never certain that I paid a fair price for the articles I purchased.

hallowed adj.神圣化的，神圣的 blessed; consecrated. Although the dead girl's parents had never been active
churchgoers, they insisted that their daughter be buried in /?彐//owed ground.

hallucination n.幻觉，幻想 delusion. I think you were frightened by a hallucination you created in your own mind.

halting adj.犹豫的；瞒跚的 hesitant; faltering. Novice extemporaneous speakers often talk in a halting fashion as they grope for the right words.

■	hamper v.妨碍，牵制 obstruct. The new mother didn't realize how much the effort of caring for an infant would hamper her ability to keep an immaculate house.

haphazard adj.偶然的；随便的 random; unsystematic; aimless. In place of a systematic family policy, America has a haphazard patchwork of institutions and programs created in response to immediate crises.

harangue n.长篇大论，夸张的话 noisy speech. In her lengthy harangue, the principal berated the offenders, also v.

harass v.不断地激怒或折磨 to annoy by repeated attacks. When he could not pay his bills as quickly as he had promised, he was harassed by his creditors.

harbinger n.先驱，预兆 forerunner. The crocus is an early harbinger of spring.

harbor v.提供住所或栖息地；窝藏provide a refuge for; hide. The church harbored illegal aliens who were political refugees.

■	hardy adj.强壮的，坚强的；吃苦耐劳的sturdy; robust; able to stand inclement weather. We asked the gardening expert to recommend particularly hardy plants that could withstand our harsh New England winters.

harrowing adj.痛心的，悲惨的 agonizing; distressing; traumatic. At first the former prisoner did not wish to discuss his harrowing months of captivity as a political hostage.

■	haughtiness n.傲慢，不逊 pride; arrogance. When she realized that Darcy believed himself too good to dance with his inferiors, Elizabeth took great offense at his haughtiness.

hazardous ad丄危险的，冒险的 dangerous. Your occupation is too hazardous for insurance companies to consider your application.

hazy adj.朦胧的，模糊的 slightly obscure. In hazy weather, you cannot see the top of this mountain.

headlong adj.鲁莽的，轻率的 hasty; rash. The slave seized the unexpected chance to make a headlong dash across the border to freedom.

headstrong ad丄顽固的，任性的 stubborn; willful; unyielding. Because she refused to marry the man her parents had chosen for her, everyone scolded Minna and called her a foolish, headstrong girl.

heckler n.激烈质问者 person who harasses others. The heckler kept interrupting the speaker with rude remarks, heckle, v.

■	hedonist n.享乐主义者 one who believes that pleasure is the sole aim in life. A thoroughgoing hedonist, he considered only his own pleasure and ignored any claims others had on his money or time.

heed v.注意，留'已、pay attention to; consider. We hope you heed our advice and get a good night's sleep before the test, also n.

heedless adj.不注意的 not noticing; disregarding. He drove on, heedless of the danger warnings placed at the side of the road.

heinous adj.可憎的，极可恶的 atrocious; hatefully bad.

Hitler's heinous crimes will never be forgotten, herbivorous adj.食草的 grain-eating. Some herbivorous animals have two stomachs for digesting their food.

■ heresy n.异端，异教 opinion contrary to popular belief; opinion contrary to accepted religion. Galileo's assertion that the earth moved around the sun directly contradicted the religious teachings of his day; as a result, he was tried for heresy, heretic, n.

hermetic adj.密封的，与外界隔绝的 sealed by fusion so as to be airtight. After you sterilize the bandages, place them in a container and seal it with a hermetic seal to protect them from contamination by airborne bacteria, hermitage n.隐士住处 home of a hermit. Even in his remote hermitage he could not escape completely from the world.

heterodox adj.非正统的，异端的 unorthodox; unconven-
tional. To those who upheld the belief that the earth did not move, Galileo's theory that the earth circled the sun was disturbingly heterodox.

heterogeneous adj.异类的，完全不同的；混合的dissimilar; mixed. This year’s entering class is a remarkably heterogeneous body: it includes students from forty different ‘states and twenty-six foreign countries, some the children of billionaires, others the offspring of welfare families, heterogeneity, N.

heyday n.全盛期，年富力强时期time of greatest success; prime. In their heyday, the San Francisco Forty-Niners won the Super Bowl two years running.

hiatus n.裂缝，间断 gap; interruption in duration or continuity; pause. During the summer hiatus, many students try to earn enough money to pay their tuition for the next school year.
Word List 23 hibernal-imbibe

hibernal adj.冬季的，寒冷的 wintry. Bears prepare for their long hibernal sleep by overeating.

hibernate v.冬眠 sleep throughout the winter. Bears are one of the many species of animals that hibernate, hibernation, N.

■	hierarchy n.等级制度；等级森严的组织arrangement by rank or standing; authoritarian body divided into ranks. To be low man on the totem pole is to have an inferior place in the hierarchy.

hilarity n.兴髙采烈，狂欢 boisterous mirth. No longer able to contain their hilarity, they broke into great guffaws and whoops of laughter.

hindrance n.妨碍，障碍 block; obstacle. Stalled cars along the highway are a hindrance to traffic that tow trucks should remove without delay, hinder, v.

histrionic adj.戏剧的，表演的 theatrical. He was proud of his histrionic ability and wanted to play the role of Hamlet, histrionics, n.

hoard v.贮藏，贮藏物 stockpile; accumulate for future use. Whenever there are rumors of a food shortage, many people are tempted to hoard food, also n.

hoary adj.须发已白的，年老的 white with age. Old Father Time was hoary and wrinkled with age. hoax n.骗人的把戏，骗局 trick; deception; fraud. In the case of Piltdown man, a scientific forgery managed to fool the experts for nearly half a century, when the hoax was finally unmasked, also v.

hodgepodge n.大杂烩，一团糟 jumble; mixture of ill-suited elements. The reviewer roundly condemned the play as a hodgepodge of random and purposeless encounters carried out by a cast lacking any uniformity of accent or style.

holster n.手枪皮套 pistol case. Even when he was not in uniform, he carried a holster and pistol under his arm.

homage n.尊敬，崇敬 honor; tribute. In her speech she tried to pay homage to a great man.

■	homogeneous ad丄同种类的，同性质的 of the same kind. Because the student body at Elite Prep was so homogeneous, Sara and James decided to send their daughter to a school that offered greater cultural diversity, homogenize, v. hone v.用磨刀石磨 sharpen. To make shaving easier, he honed his razor with great care.
hoodwink v.欺骗，蒙蔽 deceive; delude. Having been hoodwinked once by the fast-talking salesman, he was extremely cautious when he went to purchase a used car. horde n.大群，一帮 crowd. Just before Christmas the stores are filled with hordes of shoppers.

horticultural adj.园艺(学）的 pertaining to cultivation of gardens. When he bought his house, he began to look for flowers and decorative shrubs, and began to read books dealing with horticultural matters.

host n.大量；主人，东道主；宿主great number; person entertaining guests; animal or plant from which a parasite gets its nourishment. You must attend to a host of details if you wish to succeed as host of a formal dinner party. Leeches are parasites that cling to their hosts and drink their hosts’ blood.

hostility n.敌意，敌视 unfriendliness; hatred. A child who has been the sole object of his parents' affection often feels hostility toward a new baby in the family, resenting the newcomer who has taken his place.

hovel n.简陋小屋，茅屋 shack; small, wretched house. He wondered how poor people could stand living in such a hovel.

hover v.盘旋，悬停 hang about; wait nearby. The police helicopter hovered above the accident, hue n.颜色；夕卜表 color; aspect. The aviary contained birds of every possible hue.

hulking adj.庞大笨重的 massive; bulky; great in size. Despite his hulking build, the heavyweight boxing champion was surprisingly light on his feet, hulk, n.

humane adj.仁慈的，人道的 marked by kindness or consideration. It is ironic that the Humane Society sometimes must show its compassion toward mistreated animals by killing them to put them out of their misery.

humdrum adj.贫乏的，单调的 dull; monotonous. After his years of adventure, he could not settle down to a humdrum existence.

humid adj.湿润的，潮湿的 damp. Oakland's humid climate aggravated Richard's asthma, so he decided to move to a drier area.

humility n.谦逊，谦恭 humbleness of spirit. Despite his fame as a Nobel Prize winner, Bishop Tutu spoke with a

humility and lack of self-importance that immediately won over his listeners.

hurtle v.猛冲，飞驰 crash; rush. The runaway train hurtled toward disaster.

husband v.节约使用 use sparingly; conserve; save. Marathon runners must husband their energy so that they can keep going for the entire distance.

hybrid n.杂种，混血儿，混合物 mongrel; mixed breed. Mendel's formula explains the appearance of hybrids and pure species in breeding, also adj.

hydrophobia n.狂犬病；恐水症 rabies; fear of water. A dog that bites a human being must be observed for symptoms of hydrophobia.

hyperbole n.(修辞）夸张法 exaggeration; overstatement. As far as I'm concerned, Apple’s claims about the new computer are pure hyperbole: no machine is that good!

hypercritical adj.吹毛求疵的，批评苛刻的excessively exacting. You are hypercritical in your demands for perfection; we all make mistakes.

hypochondriac n.疑病症患者；过分担心自身健康的人 person unduly worried about his health; worrier without cause about illness. The doctor prescribed chocolate pills for his patient who was a hypochondriac.

■	hypocritical adj.伪善的，矫饰的 pretending to be virtuous; deceiving. It was hypocritical of Martha to say nice things about my poetry to me and then make fun of my verses behind my back, hypocrisy, n.

■	hypothetical adj.假定的，基于假设的 based on assumptions or hypotheses; supposed. Suppose you are accepted by Harvard, Stanford, and Brown. Which one would you choose to attend? Remember, this is only a hypothetical situation, hypothesis, n.

ichthyology n.鱼类学 study of fish. Jacques Cousteau's programs about sea life have advanced the cause of ichthyology.

icon n.圣像；偶像，崇拜对象 religious image; idol. The icons on the walls of the church were painted in the 13th century.

• conoclastic ad丄偶像破坏的，打破旧习的attacking cherished traditions. Deeply iconoclastic, Jean Genet deliberately set out to shock conventional theatergoers with his radical plays.

ideology n.思想体系，思想意识 system of ideas of a group. For people who had grown up believing in the communist ideology, it was hard to adjust to capitalism.
idiom n.习语，成语》风格，特色 expression whose meaning as a whole differs from the meanings of its individual words; distinctive style. The phrase "to lose one’s marbles" is an idiom: if I say that Joe's lost his marbles, I'm not asking you to find some for him. I'm telling you idiomatically that he's crazy.

■	idiosyncrasy n.个人癖好 individual trait, usually odd in nature; eccentricity. One of Richard Nixon's little idiosyncrasies was his liking for ketchup on cottage cheese. One of

•	Hannibal Lecter's little idiosyncrasies was his liking for human flesh, idiosyncratic, adj.

idolatry n.偶像崇拜，盲目崇拜 worship of idols; excessive admiration. Such idolatry of singers of country music is typical of the excessive enthusiasm of youth.

ignite v.点燃，使燃烧 kindle; light. When Desi crooned, "Baby, light my fire," literal-minded Lucy looked around for some paper to ignite.

ignoble adj.卑鄙的，卑贱的 unworthy; base in nature; not noble. Sir Galahad was so pure in heart that he could never stoop to perform an ignoble deed.

•	ignominy n.耻辱，不名誉 deep disgrace; shame or dis-

honor. To lose the Ping-Pong match to a trained chimpanzee! How could Rollo stand the ignominy of his defeat? ignominious, adj.	.

•	illicit adj.违法的，不正当的 illegal. The defense attorney maintained that his client had never performed any illicit action.

illimitable adj.无限的，无穷无尽的 infinite. Man, having explored the far corners of the earth, is now reaching out into illimitable space.

illuminate v.照亮；阐明，启发 brighten; clear up or make understandable; enlighten. Just as a lamp can illuminate a dark room, a perceptive comment can illuminate a knotty problem.

illusion n.错觉，假象 misleading vision. It is easy to create an optical illusion in which lines of equal length appear different.

■	illusory adj.幻觉的，迷惑人的 deceptive; not real. Unfortunately, the costs of running the lemonade stand were so high that Tom's profits proved illusory.

imbalance n.不平衡的，不均衡的 lack of balance or symmetry; disproportion. To correct racial imbalance in the schools, school boards have bussed black children into white neighborhoods and white children into black ones.

imbibe v.喝，饮 drink in. The dry soil imbibed the rain quickly.
Word List 24 immaculate-incessant

immaculate adj.洁净的，没有污点的，完美无瑕的spotless; flawless; absolutely clean. Ken and Jessica were wonderful tenants and left the apartment in immaculate

:condition when they moved out.

imminent adj.即将来临的,逼近的 near at hand; impending. Rosa was such a last-minute worker that she could never start writing a paper till the deadline was imminent.

immobility n.不动，固定 state of being unable to move. Peter's fear of snakes shocked him into immobility', then the use of his limbs returned to him, and he bolted from the room.
immune adj.免疫的，豁免的,免除的 resistant to; free or exempt from. Fortunately, Florence had contracted chicken pox as a child and was immune to it when her baby broke out in spots.

■	immutable adj.不可变的，7W亘的 unchangeable. All things change over time; nothing is immutable.

■	impair v.使受损，削弱 injure; hurt. Drinking alcohol can impair your ability to drive safely; if you’re going to drink, don't drive.

impale v.朿ij穿 pierce. He was impaled by the spear hurled by his adversary.

impalpable adj.感触不到的，摸不到的，难解的imperceptible; intangible. The ash is so fine that it is impalpable to the touch but it can be seen as a fine layer covering the window ledge.

impart v.吿知，透露；授予 reveal or tell; grant. Polly begged Grandma to impart her recipe for rugeleh, but her grandmother wouldn’t say a word.

impartial adj.公平的，不偏不倚的 not biased; fair. Knowing she could not be impartial about her own child, Jo refused to judge any match in which Billy was competing.

impassable adj.不能通行的；不可逾越的not able to be traveled or crossed. A giant redwood had fallen across the highway, blocking all four lanes: the road was impassable.

impasse n.绝境，死路，僵局 predicament from which there is no escape; deadlock. The negotiators reported they had reached an impasse in their talks and had little hope of resolving the deadlock swiftly.

impassive adj.冷漠的；冷静的》坚忍的 without feeling; imperturbable; stoical. Refusing to let the enemy see how deeply shaken he was by his capture, the prisoner kept his face impassive.

impeach v.弓单劾，控告 charge with crime in office; indict. The angry congressman wanted to impeach the president for his misdeeds.

■	impeccable adj.无瑕疵的 faultless. The uncrowned queen of the fashion industry, Diana was acclaimed for her impeccable taste.

• impecunious adj.没有钱的，身无分文的 without money. Though Scrooge claimed he was too impecunious to give alms, he easily could have afforded to be charitable.

■	impede v.妨碍，拖延 hinder; block; delay. A series of accidents impeded the launching of the space shuttle.

impediment n.障碍物；（言语）障碍 hindrance; stumbling-block. She had a speech impediment that prevented her speaking clearly.

impel v.推动，驱使 drive or force onward. A strong feeling of urgency impelled her; if she failed to finish the project right then, she knew that she would never get it done.

impenetrable adj.不能穿过或进人的；令人费解的not able to be pierced or entered; beyond understanding. How could the murderer have gotten into the locked room? To Watson, the mystery, like the room, was impenetrable.

impending adj.迫近的，即将来临的 nearing; approaching. The entire country was saddened by the news of his impending death.

impenitent adj.不悔悟的，顽固的 not repentant. We could see from his tough guy attitude that he was impenitent.

imperative adj.必要的，势在必行的 absolutely necessary; critically important. It is imperative that you be extremely agreeable to Great-Aunt Maud when she comes to tea: otherwise she might not leave you that million dollars in her will, also n.

imperceptible adj.难以觉察的 unnoticeable; undetectable. Fortunately, the stain on the blouse was imperceptible after the blouse had gone through the wash.

imperial adj.皇帝的，帝国的 like an emperor; related to an empire. When hotel owner Leona Helmsley appeared in ads as Queen Leona standing guard over the Palace Hotel, her critics mocked her imperial fancies.
imperious adj.专横的，傲慢的 domineering; haughty. Jane rather liked a man to be masterful, but Mr. Rochester seemed so bent on getting his own way that he was actually imperious'

impermeable adj.不能渗透的，不渗透性的impervious; not permitting passage through its substance. Sue chose a raincoat made of Gore-Tex because the material is impermeable to liquids.

impertinent adj.无礼的，鲁莽的 insolent; rude. His neighbors' impertinent curiosity about his lack of dates angered Ted. It was downright rude of them to ask him such personal questions.

imperturbable adj.沉着的，冷静的 calm; placid; composed. In the midst of the battle, the Duke of Wellington remained imperturbable and in full command of the situation despite the hysteria and panic all around him. imperturbability, N.

impervious adj.不能渗透的，不受影响的impenetrable; incapable of being damaged or distressed. The carpet salesman told Simone that his most expensive brand of floor covering was warranted to be impervious to ordinary wear and tear. Having read so many negative reviews of his acting, the movie star had learned to ignore them, and was now impervious to criticism.

impetuous adj.猛烈的，冲动的 violent; hasty; rash. "Leap before you look" was the motto suggested by one particularly impetuous young man.

impetus n.推动力，促进，冲力 incentive; stimulus; moving force. A new federal highway program would create jobs and give added impetus to our economic recovery.

impiety n.不尊敬，不虔诚 irreverence; lack of respect for God. When members of the youth group draped the church in toilet paper one Halloween, the minister reprimanded them for their impiety.

impinge v.冲击，撞击，侵犯 infringe; touch; collide with. How could they be married without impinging on one another's freedom?

impious ad丄不敬的，不虔诚的 irreverent. The congregation was offended by her impious remarks.

implacable adj.不能和解或平息的 incapable of being pacified. Madame Defarge was the implacable enemy of the Evremonde family.

■	implausible adj.难以置信的；似乎不合情理的unlikely; unbelievable. Though her alibi seemed implausible, it in fact turned out to be true.

■	implement v.使生效，执行；向…提供工具put into effect; supply with tools. The mayor was unwilling to implement the plan until she was sure it had the governor's backing, also n.

implicate v.使牵连其中，暗示 incriminate; show to be involved. Here's the deal: if you agree to take the witness stand and implicate your partners in crime, the prosecution will recommend that the judge go easy in sentencing you.

implication n.暗示的东西 something hinted at or suggested. When Miss Watson said she hadn't seen her purse since the last time Jim was in the house, the implication was that she suspected Jim had taken it. imply, v.

implicit adj.含蓄的，暗示的 understood but not stated. Jack never told Jill he adored her; he believed his love was implicit\r\ his actions.

implore v.恳求，哀求 beg. He implored her to give him a second chance.

imply v.暗示，意味 suggest a meaning not expressed; signify. When Aunt Millie said, "My! That's a big piece of pie, young man!" was she implying that Bobby was being a glutton in helping himself to such a huge piece?

imponderable adj.无法精确估量的 not able to be determined precisely. Psychology is not a precise science; far too many imponderable factors play a part in determining human behavior.

import n.重要性；意思 importance; meaning. To Miss Manners, proper etiquette was a matter of great import. Because Tom knew so little about medical matters, it took a while for the full import of the doctor's words to sink in. importunate adj.急切的，强求的 urging; demanding. He tried to hide from his importunate creditors until his allowance arrived.

importune v.恳求，反复要求 beg persistently. Democratic and Republican phone solicitors importuned her for contributions so frequently that she decided to give nothing to either party.

impostor n.冒名顶替者 someone who assumes a false identity. “This man is no doctor! He is a fraud!" cried Holmes, exposing the impostor.

impotent adj.虚导号的，无效的 weak; ineffective. Although he wished to break the nicotine habit, he found himself impotent to resist the craving for a cigarette.

impoverished adj.贫困的，赤贫的 poor. The loss of their farm left the family impoverished and without hope.

• impregnable adj.无懈可击的，固若金汤的invulnerable. Until the development of the airplane as a military weapon, the fort was considered impregnable.

impromptu ad丄即席的，临场的，未经准备的without previous preparation； off the cuff; on the spur of the moment. The judges were amazed that she could make such a thorough, well-supported presentation in an impromptu speech.

impropriety n.不适当，不合适 improperness; unsuitableness. Because of the impropriety of the punk rocker's slashed T-shirt and jeans, the management refused to admit him to the hotel's very formal dining room.

improvident adj.不经济的，不节俭的 thriftless. He was constantly being warned to mend his improvident ways and begin to "save for a rainy day." improvidence, n.

improvise v.即兴仓作 compose on the spur of the moment. She would sit at the piano and improvise for hours on themes from Bach and Handel.

imprudent adj.轻率的，鲁莽的 lacking caution; injudicious. It is imprudent to exercise vigorously and become overheated when you are unwell.

■ impudence n.轻率，鲁莽，傲慢 impertinence; insolence. Kissed on the cheek by a perfect stranger, Lady Catherine exclaimed, "Of all the nerve! Young man, I should have you horse-whipped for your impudence.''

impugn v.提出异议，驳斥 dispute or contradict (often in an insulting way); challenge; gainsay. Our treasurer was furious when the finance committee's report impugned the accuracy of his financial records and recommended that he should take bonehead math.
impunity n.免于惩罚或损害 freedom from punishment or harm. A 98-pound weakling can’t attack a beachfront bully with impunity, the poor, puny guy is sure to get mashed.

imputation n.归咎，非难，责备 accusation; charge; reproach. Paradoxically, the guiltier he was of the offense with which he was charged, the more he resented the imputation.

■	inadvertently adv.不注意地 unintentionally; by oversight; carelessly. Judy’s great fear was that she might inadvertently omit a question on the exam and mismark her whole answer sheet.

inalienable adj.不可剥夺的，（指权利等)不能让与的not to be taken away; nontransferable. The Declaration of Independence asserts that all people possess certain inalienable human rights that no powers on earth can take away.

■	inane adj.无意义的，空洞的 silly; senseless. There's no point to what you’re saying. Why are you bothering to make such inane remarks?

inanimate adj.死气沉沉的，没生命的 lifeless. She was asked to identify the still and inanimate body.

inarticulate adj.说不出话的，无言的；口齿不清的 speechless; producing indistinct speech. He became inarticulate with rage and uttered sounds without meaning, inaugurate v.开始；就职 start; initiate; installin office. The airline decided to inaugurate its new route to the Far East with a special reduced fare offer, inaugural, adj. incandescent adj.白热的，白识的 strikingly bright; shining with intense heat. If you leave on an incandescent light bulb, it quickly grows too hot to touch.

incantation n.念咒：符咒，咒语 singing or chanting of magic spells; magical formula. Uttering incantations to make the brew more potent, the witch doctor stirred the liquid in the caldron.

incapacitate v.使…无力量或能力 disable. During the winter, many people were incapacitated by respiratory ailments.

incarcerate v.把…关进监狱，监禁 imprison. The civil rights workers were willing to be arrested and even incarcerated if by their imprisonment they could serve the cause.

incarnatiori n.赋予人形，化身 act of assuming a human body and human nature. The incarnation of Jesus Christ is a basic tenet of Christian theology.

incendiary n.纵火犯 arsonist. The fire spread in such an unusual manner that the fire department chiefs were certain that it had been set by an incendiary, also adj.

incense v.使…极愤怒，激怒 enrage; infuriate. Cruelty to defenseless animals incensed Kit: the very idea brought tears of anger to her eyes.

incentive n.刺激，诱因，动机 spur; motive. Mike's strong desire to outshine his big sister was all the incentive he needed to do well in school.

inception n.起头，开端 start; beginning. She was involved with the project from its inception. incessant adj.不断的，不停的 uninterrupted; unceasing. In a famous TV commercial, the frogs' incessant croaking goes on and on until eventually it turns into a single word: "巳 ud-weis-er."

Word List 25 inchoate-ingenious

inchoate adj.开始的/木成熟的，未形成的recently begun; rudimentary； elementary. Before the Creation, the world was an inchoate rfiass.

incidence n.发生频率；发生，出现 rate of occurrence; particular occurrence. Health professionals expressed great concern over the high incidence of infant mortality in major urban areas.

•	incidental adj.非主要的，伴随发生的 not essential; minor. The scholarship covered his major expenses at college and some of his incidental expenses as well.

incipient adj.起初的，开始存在或出现的beginning; in an early .stage. I vyill go to sleep early for I want to break an incipient cold.

■	incisive adj.锋利的，尖锐的 cutting; sharp. His incisive remarks made us see the fallacy in our plans.

■	incite v.剌激，激励，煽动 arouse to action; goad; motivate; induce to exist. In a fiery speech, Mario incited his fellow students to go out on strike to protest the university's anti-affirmative action stand.

inclement adj.狂风暴雨的；严酷的 stormy; unkind. In inclement weather, I like to curl up on the sofa with a good book and listen to the storm blowing outside.

incline n.倾斜，斜坡 slope; slant. The architect recommended that the nursing home's ramp be rebuilt because its incline was too steep for wheelchairs.

inclined adj.倾斜的；倾向的 tending or leaning toward; bent. Though I am inclined to be skeptical, the witness's manner inclines me to believe his story, also v.

■	inclusive adj.包括的，包罗广泛的 tending to include all. The comedian turned down the invitation to join the Players' Club, saying any club that would let him in was too inclusive for him.

incoherence n.不连贯；没有条理 unintelligibility; lack of logic or relevance. "This essay makes no sense at all,” commented the teacher, giving it an F because of its incoherence.

incompatible adj.无法共存的，不调和的 inharmonious. The married couple argued incessantly and finally decided to separate because they were incompatible, incompatibility, n.

■	incongruous ad丄不调和的，不适宜的 not fitting; absurd. Dave saw nothing incongruous about wearing sneakers with his tuxedo; he couldn't understand why his date took one look at him and started to laugh, incongruity, n.

■	inconsequential adj.无关紧要的 insignificant; unimportant. Brushing off All's apologies for having broken the wineglass, Tamara said, "Don't worry about it; it's inconsequential''

inconsistency n.前后不一致，矛盾 state of being selfcontradictory; lack of uniformity or steadiness. How are lawyers different from agricultural inspectors? While lawyers check inconsistencies in witnesses' statements, agricultural inspectors check inconsistencies in Grade A eggs, inconsistent, ADJ.

incontinent adj.不粹自制的，无节制的 lacking selfrestraint; licentious. His incontinent behavior off stage so shocked many people that they refused to attend the plays and movies in which he appeared.

•	incontrovertible adj.无可辩驳的，不容置疑的indisputable; not open to question. Unless you find the evidence
against my client absolutely incontrovertible, you must declare her not guilty of this charge.

incorporate v.收编，加人；结合，合并 introduce something into a larger whole; combine; unite. Breaking with precedent, President Truman ordered the military to incorporate blacks into every branch of the armed services, also ADJ.

incorporeal adj.非物质的，无实体的 lacking a material body; insubstantial. While Casper the friendly ghost is an incorporeal being, nevertheless he and his fellow ghosts make quite an impact on the physical world.

■ incorrigible adj.无药可救的，不能被纠正的not correctable. Though Widow Douglass hoped to reform Huck, Miss Watson called him incorrigible and said he would come to no good end.

incredulous adj.怀疑的，不轻信的 withholding belief; skeptical. When Jack claimed he hadn’t eaten the jelly doughnut, Jill took an incredulous look at his smeared face and laughed, incredulity, n.

increment n.增方口，增量 increase. The new contract calls for a 10 percent increment in salary for each employee for the next two years.

incriminate v.控告…有罪，使负罪 accuse. The evidence gathered against the racketeers incriminates some high public officials as well.

incrustation n.结壳，硬壳 hard coating or crust. In dry dock, we scraped off the incrustation of dirt and barnacles that covered the hull of the ship.

incubate v.孵化；酝酿 hatch; scheme. Because our supply of electricity has been cut off, we shall have to rely on the hens to incubate these eggs.

inculcate v.谆谆教诲，灌输 teach; instill. In an effort to inculcate religious devotion, the officials ordered that the school day begin with the singing of a hymn.

incumbent adj.有义务的；在职的 obligatory; currently holding an office. It is incumbent upon all incumbent elected officials to keep accurate records of expenses incurred in office, also n.

incur v.招致；获得 bring upon oneself. His parents refused to pay any future debts he might incur.

incursion n.袭击，侵人 temporary invasion. The nightly incursions and hit-and-run raids of our neighbors across the border tried the patience of the country to the point where we decided to retaliate in force.

• indefatigable adj.不知疲倦的 tireless. Although the effort of taking out the garbage tired Wayne out for the entire morning, when it came to partying, he was indefatigable.

indelible adj.去不掉的，不能拭去的not able to be erased. The indelible ink left a permanent mark on my shirt. Young Bill Clinton's meeting with President Kennedy made an indelible impression on the youth.

indentation im.槽口，凹陷处 notch; deep recess. 丫ou can tell one tree from another by examining their leaves and noting the differences in the indentations along the edges of the leaves, indent, v.

indenture v.以契约约束服务关系，学徒关系bind as servant or apprentice to master. Many immigrants could come to America only after they had indentured themselves for several years, also n.

indeterminate adj.不确定的，不明的，模糊的uncertain; not clearly fixed; indefinite. That interest rates shall rise appears certain; when they will do so, however, remains indeterminate.

indicative adj.指示的，预示的 suggestive; implying. A lack of appetite may be indicative of a major mental o,r physical disorder.

indices n.指数，指标 pl. signs; indications. Many college admissions officers believe that SAT scores and high school grades are the best indices of a student’s potential to succeed in college, n. sg. index.

■	indict v.起诉，控告 charge. The district attorney didn’t want to indict the suspect until she was sure she had a strong enough case to convince a jury, indictment, n.

■	indifferent adj.冷漠的，不关心的；一般的，中等的 unmoved or unconcerned by; mediocre. Because Ann felt no desire to marry, she was indifferent to Carl's constant proposals. Not only was she indifferent to him personally, but she felt that, given his general silliness, he would make an indifferent husband.

indigenous adj.本土的 native. Cigarettes are made of tobacco, a plant indigenous to the New World.

indigent adj.贫乏的，穷困的 poor; destitute. Someone who is truly indigent can't even afford to buy a pack of cigarettes. [Don't mix up indigent and indigenous. See previous sentence.]

indignation n.	义,anger at an injustice. He felt

indignation at the ill-treatment of helpless animals.

indignity n.轻蔑、侮辱的行为 offensive or insulting treatment. Although he seemed to accept cheerfully the indignities heaped upon him, he was inwardly very angry.

indiscretion n.不慎重，不明智 lack of tactfulness or sound judgment. Terrified that the least indiscretion could jeopardize his political career, the novice politician never uttered an unguarded word, indiscreet, adj.

■	indiscriminate adj.不加选择的；杂乱无章的，混乱的 choosing at random; confused. She disapproved of her son's indiscriminate television viewing and decided to restrict him to educational programs.

indisputable adj.无可争辩的，明白的 too certain to be disputed. In the face of these indisputable statements, I withdraw my complaint.

indissoluble adj. 7欠恒的 permanent. The indissoluble bonds of marriage are all too often being dissolved.

indoctrinate v.以教条或信条的方式来教授、教导instruct in a doctrine or ideology. Cuban-Americans resisted sending Elian Gonzalez back to Cuba because he would be indoctrinated there with Communist principles.

• indolent adj.懒惰的 lazy. Couch potatoes lead an indolent life lying back on their Lazyboy recliners watching TV. indolence, n.

indomitable adj.不屈服的，不屈不浇的 unconquerable; unyielding. Focusing on her game despite all her personal problems, tennis champion Steffi Graf proved she had an indomitable will to win.

indubitable adj.不容置疑的，确实的 unable to be doubted; unquestionable. Auditioning for the chorus line, Molly was an indubitable hit: the director fired the leading lady and hired Molly in her place!

■	induce v.劝诱，促使，导致 persuade; bring about. After the quarrel, Tina said nothing could induce her to talk to Tony again, inducement, n.
indulgent adj.宽容的，放纵的 humoring; yielding; lenient. Jay's mom was excessively indulgent: she bought him every Nintendo cartridge and video game on the market. She indulged Jay so much, she spoiled him rotten, industrious adj.勤勉的，刻苦的 diligent; hard-working. Look busy when the boss walks by your desk; it never hurts to appear industrious, industry, n.

inebriated adj.嗜酒的，酒醉的 habitually intoxicated; drunk. Abe was inebriated more often than he was sober. Because of his inebriety, he was discharged from his job as a bus driver.

•	ineffable adj.不可言喻的；避讳的，禁忌的unutterable; cannot be expressed in speech. Looking down at her newborn daughter, Ruth felt such ineffable joy that, for the first time in her* adult life, she had no words to convey what was in her heart.

ineffectual adj.无效的，不成功的 not effective; weak. Because the candidate failed to get across his message to the public, his campaign was ineffectual.

inefficacious ad丄不灵的，无效的 not effective; unable to produce a desired result. All Lois’s coaxing and urging was inefficacious: Clark still refused to join her and Superman for dinner, inefficacy, n.

inept adj.无能的,不称职的 lacking skill; unsuited; incompetent. The /nepf glovemaker was all thumbs, inequity n.不公正，偏私 unfairness. In demanding equal pay for equal work, women protest the basic inequity of a system that gives greater financial rewards to men.

■ inert ad丄惰性的:迟钝的，迟缓的 inactive; lacking power to move. "Get up, you lazybones," she cried to her husband, who lay in bed inert, inertia, n.

inevitable adj.不可避免的，必然的 unavoidable. Though death and taxes are both supposedly inevitable, some people avoid paying taxes for years.

•	inexorable adj.无动于衷的，无情的 relentless; unyielding; implacable. After listening to the pleas for clemency, the judge was inexorable and gave the convicted man the maximum punishment allowed by law.

infallible adj.不可能犯错误的 unerring. Jane refused to believe the pope was infallible, reasoning, "All human beings are capable of error. The pope is a human being. Therefore, the pope is capable of error.”

infamous adj.臭名昭著的 notoriously bad. Charles Manson and Jeffrey Dahmer are both infamous killers.

infantile adj.幼稚的 childish. When will he outgrow such infantile behavior?

infer v.推断，推论出 deduce; conclude. From the students' glazed looks, it was easy for me to infer that they were bored out of their minds, inference, n.

infernal adj.阴间的，恶魔的 pertaining to hell; devilish. Batman was baffled: he could think of no way to hinder the Joker's infernal scheme to destroy the city.

infidel n.无信仰者，异教徒 unbeliever. The Saracens made war against the infidels.

infiltrate v.渗透；偷偷潜人 pass into or through; penetrate (an organization) sneakily. In order to be able to infil-f厂afe'enemy lines at night without being seen, the scouts darkened their faces and wore black coveralls, infiltrator, n.

infinitesimal adj.极微小的，微不足道的 exceedingly small; so small as to be almost nonexistent. Making sure everyone was aware she was on an extremely strict diet, Melanie said she would have only an infinitesimal sliver of pie.

infirmity n.虚弱，衰弱 weakness. Her greatest infirmity was lack of willpower.

inflated adj.夸张的；膨胀的 exaggerated; pompous; enlarged (with air or gas). His claims about the new product were inflated; it did not work as well as he had promised, influx n.流人 flowing into. The influx of refugees into the country has taxed the relief agencies severely.

informal ad丄不正式的，不拘礼节的absence of ceremony; casual. The English teacher preferred /nZbrma/discussions to prepared lectures.

infraction n.违反，侵害 violation (of a rule or regulation);
breach. When Dennis Rodman butted heads with that referee, he committed a clear infraction of NBA rules.

infuriate v.使生气，激怒 enrage; anger. Her big brother's teasing always infuriated Margaret; no matter how hard she tried to keep her temper, he always got her goat, infusion n.灌输；溶液 act of introducing or instilling a qual-

'ity; liquid solution. The rookie quarterback brought an infusion of new life and vigor to the tired team, infuse, v.

■ ingenious adj.机灵的，足智多谋的 clever; resourceful. Kit admired the ingenious way that her computer keyboard opened up to reveal the built-in CD-ROM below, ingenuity, n.
Word List 26 ingenue-invigorate

ingenue n.(扮演）天真无邪的少女（的女演员）an artless girl; an actress who plays such parts. Although she was forty, she still insisted that she be cast as an ingenue and refused to play more mature roles.

ingenuous adj.率直白勺，无十白勺 naive and trusting; young; unsophisticated. The woodsman had not realized how ingenuous Little Red Riding Hood was until he heard that she had gone off for a walk in the woods with the Big Bad Wolf.

ingrained adj.根深蒂固的，牢固的 deeply established; firmly rooted. Try as they would, the missionaries were unable to uproot the /n^ra/'nec/superstitions of the natives, ingrate n.忘恩负义者 ungrateful person. That in grate Bob sneered at the tie I gave him.

ingratiate v.迎合，讨好 make an effort to become popular with. In All About Eve, the heroine, an aspiring actress, wages a clever campaign to ingratiate herself with Margo Channing, an established star.

■	inherent adj.固有的，与生俱来的 firmly established by nature or habit. Katya's inherent love of justice caused her to champion anyone she considered treated unfairly by society, inhibit v.抑制，限制，阻止 restrain; retard or prevent. Only two things inhibited him from taking a punch at Mike Tyson: Tyson's left hook, and Tyson's right jab. The protective undercoating on my car inhibits the formation of rust.

inimical adj.充满敌意的；有害的，不利的unfriendly; hostile; harmful; detrimental. I've always been friendly to Martha. Why is she so inimical to me?

inimitable adj.无比的；无法模仿的 matchless; not able to be imitated. We admire Auden for his inimitable use of language; he is one of a kind.

iniquitous adj.邪恶的:不公正的 wicked; immoral; unrighteous. Whether or not King Richard III was responsible for the murder of the two young princes in the Tower, it was an iniquitous deed, iniquity, n.

initiate v.开始，发起；接纳…为会员 begin; originate; receive into a group. The college is about to initiate a program in reducing math anxiety among students.

injurious adj.有害6勺 harmful. Smoking cigarettes can be injurious to your health.

inkling n.(对正在或即将发生的事的）略知hint. This came as a complete surprise to me as I did not have the slightest inkling of your plans.

■	innate adj.先天的，天生的 inborn. Mozart's parents soon recognized young Wolfgang's innate talent for music.
■	innocuous ad丄无害的 harmless. An occasional glass of wine with dinner is relatively innocuous and should have no ill effect on you.

■	innovation n.改革，革新 change; introduction of something new. Although Richard liked to keep up with all the latest technological innovations, he didn't always abandon tried and true techniques in favor of something new. innovate, v. innovative adj.革茅斤的，仓1J、新的novel; introducing a change. The establishment of our SAT computer data base has enabled us to come up with some innovative tactics for doing well on the SAT.

innuendo n.暗示，影射 hint; insinuation. I can defend myself against direct accusations; innuendos and oblique attacks on my character are what trouble me.

inopportune adj.不合时宜的 untimely; poorly chosen. A rock concert is an inopportune setting for a quiet conversation.

inordinate adj.紊舌L的；过度的 unrestrained; excessive. She had an inordinate ionbness for candy, eating two or three boxes in a single day.

inquisitor n. i旬者，审理者 questioner (especially harsh); investigator. Fearing being grilled ruthlessly by the secret police, Masha faced her inquisitors with trepidation.

insalubrious :^dj.有损健康的 unwholesome; not healthful. The mosquito-ridden swamp was an insalubrious place, a breeding ground for malarial contagion.

insatiable adj.不知足的，贪得无厌的 not easily satisfied; unquenchable; greedy. David's appetite for oysters was insatiable: he could easily eat four dozen at a single sitting.

inscrutable adj.难以了解的，费解的 impenetrable; not readily understood; mysterious. Experienced poker players try to keep their expressions inscrutable, hiding their reactions to the cards behind a so-called "poker face.”

insensible adj.失去知觉的；无反应的 unconscious; unresponsive. Sherry and I are very different; at times when I would be covered with embarrassment, she seems insensible to shame.

insidious adj.潜伏的；隐伏的 treacherous; stealthy; sly. The fifth column is insidious because it works secretly within our territory for our defeat.

insightful adj.有洞察力的，有深刻见解的discerning； perceptive. Sol thought he was very insightful about human behavior, but he was actually clueless as to why people acted the way they did.

insinuate v.暗示，旁敲侧击地说；迂回hint; imply； creep in. When you said I looked robust, did you mean to insinuate that I'm getting fat?

■	insipid ad J.没有味道的，平淡的 lacking in flavor; dull. Flat prose and flat ginger ale are equally insipid: both lack sparkle.

insolence n.傲慢无礼 impudent disrespect; haughtiness. How dare you treat me so rudely! The manager will hear of your insolence, insolent, adj.

•	insolvent adj.破产的，无法偿还债务的bankr叩t; unable to repay one’s debts. Although young Lord Widgeon was insolvent, he had no fear of being thrown into debtors' prison, for he was sure that if his creditors pressed him for payment his wealthy parents would repay what he owed, insolvency, n.

insomnia n.失目民，失眠症 wakefulness; inability to sleep. He refused to join us in a midnight cup of coffee because he claimed it gave him insomnia.

■	instigate v.激起，H 煽动 urge; start; provoke. Rumors of police corruption led the mayor to instigate an investigation into the departments activities.

insubordination n.不顺从，反抗 disobedience; rebelliousness. At the slightest hint of insubordination from the sailors of the Bounty, Captain Bligh had them flogged; finally, they mutinied.

insubstantial adj.不实在的；非实质的；脆弱的lacking substance; insignificant; frail. His hopes for a career in acting proved insubstantial; no one would cast him, even in an insubstantial role.

■	insularity n.(思想、观点等的）偏狭；与外界隔绝narrowmindedness; isolation. The insularity of the islanders manifested itself in their suspicion of anything foreign, insular, ADJ.

insulated adj.与世隔绝的 set apart; isolated. A well-to-do bachelor, James spent his money freely, insulated from the cares of his friends, who had families to support.

•	insuperable adj.难以克服的，不可逾越的insurmountable; unbeatable. Though the odds against their survival seemed insuperable, the Apollo 13 astronauts reached earth safely.

insurgent adj.起义的 rebellious. Because the insurgent forces had occupied the capital and had gained control of the railway lines, several of the war correspondents covering the uprising predicted a rebel victory.

insurmountable adj.不能克服的，不能超越的overwhelm-ing; unbeatable; insuperable. Faced by almost insurmountable obstacles, the members of the underground maintained their courage and will to resist.

insurrection n.起义，造反 rebellion; uprising. In retrospect, given how badly the British treated the American colonists, the eventual insurrection seems inevitable.

intangible adj.感觉不到的，无形的 not able to be perceived by touch; vague. Though the financial benefits of his Oxford post were meager, Lewis was drawn to it by its intangible rewards: prestige, intellectual freedom, the fellowship of his peers.

integral adj.整体的，构成整体所需要的complete; necessary for completeness. Physical education is an integral part of our curriculum; a sound mind and a sound body are complementary.

integrate v.使成整体，使一体化 make whole; combine; make into one unit. We hope to integrate the French, Span-
ish, and Italian programs into a combined Romance languages department.

■	integrity n.正直，诚实；完整 uprightness; wholeness. Lincoln, whose personal integrity has inspired millions, fought a civil war to maintain the integrity of the Republic, that these United States might remain undivided for all time.

intellect n.智力 higher mental powers. If you wish to develop your intellect, read the great books.

intelligentsia n.知识分子 the intelligent and educated classes [often used derogatorily]. She preferred discussions about sports and politics to the literary conversations of the intelligentsia.

intemperate adj.无节制的；过分的 immoderate; excessive; extreme. In a temper, Tony refused to tone down his intemperate remarks.

inter v.埋葬 bury. They are going to inter the body tomorrow at Broad I awn Cemetery.

interim n.中间时期，过渡时期 meantime. The company will not consider our proposal until next week; in the interim, let us proceed as we have in the past.

interloper n.闯人者；管闲事的人 intruder; unwanted meddler. The merchant thought of his competitors as interlopers who were stealing away his trade.

interment n.埋葬，葬礼 burial. Interment\n\W take place in the church cemetery at 2 p.m. Wednesday.

interminable adj.无限的，冗长的 endless. Although his speech lasted for only twenty minutes, it seemed interminable to his bored audience.

intermittent adj.间歎的,断断续续的 periodic; on and off. The outdoor wedding reception had to be moved indoors to avoid the intermittent showers that fell on and off all afternoon.

interrogate v.审问，询问 question closely; cross-examine. Knowing that the Nazis would interrogate him about his background, the secret agent invented a cover story that would help him meet their questions.

■	intervene v.干涉，插人 come between. When two close friends get into a fight, be careful if you try to intervene; they may join forces to gang up on you.

intimacy n.亲密，隐私，亲昵行为 closeness, often affectionate; privacy; familiarity. In a moment of rare intimacy, the mayor allowed the reporters a glimpse of his personal feelings about his family, intimate, adj.

intimate v.暗示，暗指 hint; suggest. Was Dick intimating that Jane had bad breath when he asked if she'd like a breath mint?

■	intimidate v.胁迫 frighten. I'll learn karate and then those big bullies won't be able to intimidate me any more.

• intractable adj.难驾驭的，倔强的 unruly; stubborn; unyielding. Charlie Brown's friend Pigpen was intractable: he absolutely refused to take a bath.

intransigence n.不妥协态度，不让步 refusal of any compromise; stubbornness. The negotiating team had not expected such intransigence from the striking workers, who rejected any hint of a compromise, intransigent, adj.

■	intrepid adj.无畏的，勇猛的 fearless. For her intrepid conduct nursing the wounded during the war, Florence Nightingale was honored by Queen Victoria.

intricate adj.复杂的，难以理解的 complex; knotty; tangled. Philip spent many hours designing mazes so intricate that none of his classmates could solve them, intricacy, n.

intrinsic adj.固有的，内在的，本质的 essential; inherent; built-in. Although my grandmother's china has little intrinsic value, I shall always cherish it for the memories it evokes, introspective adj.内省的，反省的 looking within oneself. Though young Francis of Assisi led a wild and worldly life, even then he had introspective moments during which he examined his soul.

introvert n.性格内向的人 one who is introspective; inclined to think more about oneself. Uncommunicative by nature and disinclined to look outside himself, he was a classic introvert.

intrude v.闯入，硬塞 trespass; enter as an uninvited person. She hesitated to intrude on their conversation, intuition n.直觉，直觉力 immediate insight; power of knowing without reasoning. Even though Tony denied that anything was wrong, Tina trusted her intuition that something was bothering him. intuitive, adj.

■ inundate v.泛滥，淹没 overwhelm; flood; submerge. This semester I am inundated with work: You should see the piles of paperwork flooding my desk. Until the great dam was built, the waters of the Nile used to inundate the river valley like clockwork every year.

inured adj.习惯的，适应的 accustomed; hardened. She became inured to the Alaskan cold, invalidate v.使无效，使无束缚力 weaken; destroy. The relatives who received little or nothing sought to invalidate
the will by claiming that the deceased had not been in his right mind when he had signed the document, invasive adj.侵袭的，扩散性的 tending to spread aggressively; intrusive. Giving up our war with the invasive blackberry vines that had taken over the back yard, we covered the lawn with concrete, invade, v. invective n.恶言谩骂 abuse. He had expected criticism but not the invective that greeted his proposal, inveigh, v. inveigle v.骗取，诱骗 entice; persuade; wheedle. Flattering Adam about his good taste in food, Eve inveigled him into taking a bite of her apple pie.

inverse adj.相反的 opposite. There is an inverse ratio between the strength of light and its distance.

■ invert v.使里外反向或上下颠倒turn upside down or inside out. When he inverted his body in a handstand, he felt the blood rush to his head.

inveterate adj.根深的；成癖的 deep-rooted; habitual. An inveterate smoker, Bob cannot seem to break the habit, no matter how hard he tries.

invidious adj.易招嫉妒的，招致不满的designed to create ill will or envy. We disregarded her invidious remarks because we realized how jealous she was.

invigorate v.鼓舞，使有活力 energize; stimulate. A quick dip in the pool invigorated Meg, and with renewed energy she got back to work.
Word List 27 invincible-laggard

invincible adj.不可战胜的 unconquerable. Superman is invincible.

inviolable adj.无法攻破的；神圣的 secure from corruption, attack, or violation; unassailable. Batman considered his oath to keep the people of Gotham City safe inviolable: nothing on earth could make him break this promise, invocation n.祈祷，乞求神助 prayer for help; calling upon as a reference or support. The service of Morning Prayer opens with an invocation during which we ask God to hear our prayers.

invoke v.祈求 call upon; ask for. She invoked her advisor's aid in filling out her financial aid forms.

invulnerable adj.攻不破的，不会受伤的 incapable of injury. Achilles was invulnerable except in his heel, iota n.极少量 very small quantity. She hadn't an iota of common sense.

irascible adj.易怒的，性情暴躁的 irritable; easily angered. Miss Minchin's irascible temper intimidated the younger schoolgirls, who feared she’d burst into a rage at any moment.

irate adj.发怒的 angry. When John’s mother found out he had overdrawn his checking account for the third month in a row, she was so irate she could scarcely speak to him.

ire n.愤怒，怒火 anger. The waiter tried unsuccessfully to placate the ire of the diner who had found a cockroach in her soup.

iridescent adj.彩虹色的 exhibiting rainbowlike colors. She admired the iridescent hues of the oil that floated on the surface of the water.

irksome adj.令人厌烦的 annoying; tedious. He found working on the assembly line irksome because of the monotony of the operation he had to perform, irk, v.
■ ironic adj.讽刺的，啼笑皆非的 resulting in an unexpected and contrary outcome. It is ironic that his success came when he least wanted it.

irony n.反语，暗讽 hidden sarcasm or satire; use of words that seem to mean the opposite of what they actually mean. Gradually his listeners began to realize that the excessive praise he was lavishing on his opponent was actually irony, he was in fact ridiculing the poor fool.

irrational adj.无理性的，不合理的，荒谬的illogical; lacking reason; insane. Many people have such an irrational fear of snakes that they panic at the sight of a harmless garter snake.

irreconcilable adj.不能和解的，不相容的 incompatible; not able to be resolved. Because the separated couple were irreconcilable, the marriage counselor recommended a divorce.

irrefutable adj.无可辩驳的 indisputable; incontrovertible; undeniable. No matter how hard I tried to find a good comeback for her argument, I couldn’t think of one: her logic was irrefutable.

irrelevant adj.不相干的，不切题的 not applicable; unrelated. No matter how irrelevant the patient's mumblings may seem, they give us some indications of what he has on his mind.

irremediable adj.不可救药的，不能改正的incurable; uncorrectable. The error she made was irremediable; she could see no way to repair it.

irreparable adj.不能修复的，无可挽救的not able to be corrected or repaired. Your apology cannot atone for the irreparable damage you have done to her reputation.

irrepressible adj.压抑不住的，控制不住的unable to be restrained or held back. My friend Kitty's curiosity was irre-

pressible: she poked her nose into everybody's business and just laughed when I warned her that curiosity killed the cat.

參irreproachable adj.无可指责白勺，无瑕-疵的blameless; impeccable. Homer's conduct at the office party was irreproachable; even Marge didn’t have anything bad to say about how he behaved.

irresolute ad丄无决断的，犹豫不决的 uncertain how to act; weak. Once you have made your decision, don't waver; a leader should never appear irresolute.

irretrievable adj.不能恢复的，不能补救的 impossible to recover or regain; irreparable. The left fielder tried to retrieve the ball, but it flew over the fence, bounced off a wall, and fell into the sewer: it was irretrievable.

irreverence n.不虔诚，不尊敬 lack of proper respect. Some audience members were amused by the irreverence of the comedian's jokes about the Pope; others felt offended by his lack of respect for their faith, irreverent, adj.

irrevocable adj.不可撤消的 unalterable; irreversible. As Sue dropped the "Dear John” letter into the mailbox, she suddenly had second thoughts and wanted to take it back, but she could not: her action was irrevocable.

itinerant adj.巡游的 wandering; traveling. He was an itinerant peddler and traveled through Pennsylvania and Virginia selling his wares, also n.

itinerary n.旅游计划 plan of a trip. Disliking sudden changes in plans when she traveled abroad, Ethel refused to make any alterations in her itinerary.

jabber v.急促而含糊地说 chatter rapidly or unintelligibly. Why does the fellow insist on jabbering away in French when I can't understand a word he says?

jaded adj.精疲力竭的 fatigued; surfeited. He looked for exotic foods to stimulate his jaded appetite.

jargon n.行话，难懂的话 language used by a special group; technical terminology; gibberish. The computer salesmen at the store used a jargon of their own that we simply couldn't follow; we had no idea what they were jabbering about.

jaundiced adj.有偏见的 prejudiced (envious, hostile or resentful); yellowed. Because Sue disliked Carolyn, she looked at Carolyn's paintings with a jaundiced eye, calling them formless smears. Newborn infants afflicted with jaundice look slightly yellow: they have jaundiced skin.

jaunt n.綾途旅行 trip; short journey. He took a quick jaunt to Atlantic City.

jaunty adj.轻松活泼的 lighthearted; animated; easy and carefree. In An American in Paris, ’Gene Kelly sang and danced his way through "I Got Rhythm" in a properly jaunty style.

jeopardize v.危及，损害 endanger; imperil; put at risk. You can't give me a D in chemistry: you'll jeopardize my chances of getting into M.l.T. jeopardy, n.

jettison v.抛弃货物 throw overboard. In order to enable the ship to ride safely through the storm, the captain had to jettison much of his cargo.

jingoist n.好战分子，沙文主义者 extremely agpressive and militant patriot; warlike chauvinist. Always bellowing "America first!," the congressman was such a jingoist you could almost hear the sabers rattling as he marched down the halls, jingoism, N.
jocose adj.幽默的 given to joking. The salesman was so jocose that many of his customers suggested that he become a "stand-up” comic.

• jocular adj.爱开玩笑的，滑稽的 said or done in jest. Although Bill knew the boss hated jokes, he couldn't resist making one jocular remark.

jollity n.欢腾，欢闹 gaiety; cheerfulness. The festive Christmas dinner was a merry one, and old and young alike joined in the general jollity.

jostle v.挤，推推搡搡地前进 shove; bump. In the subway he was jostled by the crowds.

jovial adj.善良快活的，愉快的 good-natured; merry. A frown seemed out of place on his invariably jovial face, jubilation n.欢腾，欢庆 rejoicing. There was great jubilation when the armistice was announced, jubilant, adj.

judicious adj.明智的，明断的 sound in judgment; wise. At a key moment in his life, he made a judicious investment that was the foundation of his later wealth.

juncture n.危机关头；接洽点 crisis; joining point. At this critical juncture, let us think carefully before determining the course wr shall follow.

junta n.阴谋集团，私党 group of men joined in political intrigue; cabal. As soon as he learned of its existence, the dictator ordered the execution of all of the members of the junta.

jurisprudence n.法学 science of law. He was more a student of jurisprudence than a practitioner of the law.

justification n.正当的理由;辩护；开释 good or just reason; defense; excuse. The jury found him guilty of the more serious charge because they could see no possible justification for his actions.

kaleidoscope n. •花筒 tube in which patterns made by the reflection in mirrors of colored pieces of glass, etc., produce interesting symmetrical effects. People found a new source of entertainment while peering through the kaleidoscope; they found the ever-changing patterns fascinating.

kernel n.中心，要点,果核，果仁 central or vital part; whole seed (as of corn). "Watson, buried within this tissue of lies there is a kernel of truth; when I find it, the mystery will be solved.” a

killjoy n.令人扫兴的人或事 grouch; spoilsport. At breakfast we had all been enjoying our bacon and eggs until that killjoy John started talking about how bad animal fats were for our health.

kindle v.点燃；激起 start a fire; inspire. One of the first things Ben learned in the Boy Scouts was how to kindle a fire by rubbing two dry sticks together. Her teacher's praise for her poetry kindled a spark of hope inside Maya.

kindred adj.有亲属关系的，同宗的 related; belonging to the same family. Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn were kindred spirits, born mischief makers who were always up to some new tomfoolery.

kinetic adj.运动的 producing motion. Designers of the electric automobile find that their greatest obstacle lies in the development of light and efficient storage batteries, the source of the kinetic energy needed to propel the vehicle.

kleptomaniac n.有盗窃癖者 person who has a compulsive desire to steal. They discovered that the wealthy customer was a kleptomaniac when they caught her stealing some cheap trinkets.

knave n.狡诈的人，恶棍，无赖 untrustworthy person; rogue; scoundrel. Any politician nicknamed Tricky Dick clearly has the reputation of a knave, knavery, n.

knit v.编织；使紧凑 contract into wrinkles; grow together. Whenever David worries, his brow knits in a frown. When he broke his leg, he sat around the house all day waiting for the bones to knit.

knoll n.圆丘，土壞 little round hill. Robert Louis Stevenson's grave is on a knoll in Samoa; to reach the grave site, you must climb uphill and walk a short distance along a marked path.	'

knotty adj.错综复杂的 intricate; difficult; tangled. What to Watson had been a knotty problem, to Sherlock Holmes was simplicity itself.

kudos n.奖赏；荣誉；称赞 honor; glory; praise. The singer complacently received kudos from his entourage on his performance.

laborious adj.吃力的，进展困难的 demanding much work or care; tedious. In putting together his dictionary of the English language, Doctor Johnson undertook a laborious task.
•	labyrinth n.迷宫 maze. Hiding from Indian Joe, Tom and Becky soon lost themselves in the labyrinth of secret underground caves, labyrinthine, adj.

laceration n.破口，裂伤 torn, ragged wound. The stock car driver needed stitches to close up the lacerations he received in the car crash.

lachrymose adj.爱哭的；催泪的 producing tears. His voice has a lachrymose quality more appropriate to a funeral than a class reunion.

lackadaisical adj.懒洋洋的，懒散的 lacking purpose or zest; halfhearted; languid. Because Gatsby had his mind more on his love life than on his finances, he did a very lackadaisical job of managing his money.

lackluster adj.死气沉沉的 dull. We were-disappointed by the lackluster performance.

•	laconic adj.简洁精炼的 brief and to the point. Many of the characters portrayed by Clint Eastwood are laconic types: strong men of few words.

•	laggard adj.迟钝的，懒散的 slow; sluggish. The sailor had been taught not to be laggard in carrying out orders, also n. lag, n„ v.
Word List 28 lament-low

■ lament v.为…悲痛，痛惜 grieve; express sorrow. Even advocates of the war lamented the loss of so many lives in combat, also n. lamentation, n.

•	lampoon v.(用文章)挖苦,讽刺 ridicule. This article lampoons the pretensions of some movie moguls, also n.

languid adj.倦怠的,没精打采的 weary; sluggish; listless. Her siege of illness left her languid and pallid.

languish v.变得衰弱，无生气 lose animation; lose strength. Left at Miss Minchin's school for girls while her father went off to war, Sarah Crewe refused to languish; instead, she hid her grief and actively befriended her less fortunate classmates.

languor n.倦怠，沉闷 lassitude; depression. His friends tried to overcome the languor into which he had fallen by taking him to parties and to the theater.

lap v.添食,(波浪)轻轻拍打，冲刷take in food or drink with one's tongue; splash gently. The kitten neatly lapped up her milk. The waves softly lapped against the pier, larceny n.偷窃罪 theft. Because of the prisoner’s record, the district attorney refused to reduce the charge from grand larceny to petty larceny.

larder n.食品储藏室 pantry; place where food is kept. The first thing 巳ill did on returning home from school was to check what snacks his mother had in the larder. largess n.慷慨赠与物 generous gift. Lady Bountiful distributed largess to the poor.

•	lassitude n.疲倦，疲乏 languor; weariness. After a massage and a long soak in the hot tub, I gave in to my growing lassitude and lay down for a nap.

latent adj.潜在的，潜伏的 potential but undeveloped; dormant; hidden. Polaroid pictures are popular at parties, because you can see the latent photographic image gradually appear before your eyes.

lateral adj.侧面的 coming from the side. In order to get good plant growth, the gardener must pinch off all lateral shoots.
latitude n.选择余地，自由度 freedom from narrow limitations. I think you have permitted your son too much latitude in this matter.

■	laud v.称赞，赞美 praise. The NFL lauded Boomer Esia-son's efforts to raise money to combat cystic fibrosis, laudable, laudatory, adj.

■	lavish adj.过分慷慨的，铺张的 generous; openhanded; extravagant; wasteful. Her wealthy suitors wooed her with lavish gifts, also v.

lax adj.疏忽的，松懈的 careless. We dislike restaurants where the service is lax and inattentive, leaven v.使更生动 cause to rise or grow lighter; enliven. As bread dough is leavened, it puffs up, expanding in volume.	a

lecherous adj.纵欲的，淫荡的 lustful; impure in thought and deed. The villain of the play, a lecherous old banker, lusted after the poor farmer's beautiful daughter.

leery adj.怀有戒心的，不信任的 suspicious; cautious. Don’t eat the sushi at this restaurant; I’m a bit leery about how fresh the raw fish is.

legacy n.遗产，遗赠物 a gift made by a will. Part of my legacy from my parents is an album of family photographs.

legend n.地图的图例，插图的说明explanatory list of symbols on a map. The legend at the bottom of the map made it clear which symbols stood for rest areas along the highway and which stood for public camp sites, (secondary meaning)

legerdemain n.戏法，骗术 sleight of hand. The magician demonstrated his renowned legerdemain. leniency n.宽大，仁慈 mildness; permissiveness. Considering the gravity of the offense, we were surprised by the leniency of the sentence.

lethal adj.致命的 deadly. It is unwise to leave lethal weapons where children may find them.

■	lethargic adj.没精打采的，昏睡的 drowsy; dull. The stuffy room made her lethargic: she felt as if she was about to nod off.

levitate v.(使)轻轻浮起，（使)飘浮于空中float in the air (especially by magical means). As the magician passed his hands over the recumbent body of his assistant, she appeared to rise and levitate about three feet above the table.

■	levity n.轻率，轻浮 lack of seriousness; lightness. Stop giggling and wriggling around in the pew: such levity is improper in church.

levy v.征收，征税，征募 impose (a fine); collect (a payment). Crying "No taxation without representation," the colonists demonstrated against England's power to levy taxes.

lewd adj.猥亵的，下流的 lustful. They found his lewd stories objectionable.

lexicographer n.词典编纂者 compiler of a dictionary. The new dictionary is the work of many lexicographers who spent years compiling and editing the work.

lexicon n.词典 dictionary. I cannot find this word in any lexicon in the library.

liability n.不利条件，障碍；债务，负债drawback; debts. Her lack of an extensive vocabulary was a liability that she was eventually able to overcome.

liaison n.联络：私通 contact keeping parts of an organization in communication; go-between; secret love affair. As the liaison between the American and British forces during World War II, the colonel had to ease tensions between the leaders of the two armies. Romeo's romantic liaison with Juliet ended in tragedy.

libel n.以文字损害名誉，诽谤 defamatory statement; act of writing something that smears a person's character. If Batman wrote that the Joker was a dirty, rotten, mass-murdering criminal, could the Joker sue Batman for libel?

liberator n.解放者，释放者 one who sets free. Simon Bolivar, who led the South American colonies in their rebellion against Spanish rule, is known as the great liberator, liberate, v.

libretto n.歌剧脚本 text of an opera. The composer of an opera's music is remembered more frequently than the author of its libretto.

licentious adj.放肆的，放荡的 amoral; lewd and lascivious; unrestrained. Unscrupulously seducing the daughter of his host, Don Juan felt no qualms about the immorality of his licentious behavior.

lilliputian ad丄微小的，非常小的 extremely small. Tiny and delicate, the model was built on a lilliputian scale, also n. limber adj.有弹性的 flexible. Hours of ballet classes kept him limber.

limerick n.打油诗 humorous short verse. The limerick form is the best; its meter is pure anapest. A limerick's fun for most everyone, and the word may occur on your test, limpid adj.清澈的，清晰的 clear; transparent; lucid. We could see swarms of colorful tropical fish in the limpid waters of the peaceful cove.

linchpin n.关键，枢纽 something that holds or links various parts together. The linchpin in the district attorney's case was a photograph showing the defendant shaking hands with the hired killer.

lineage n.血统，世系 descent; ancestry. He traced his lineage back to Mayflower days.
■	linger v.逗留，闲荡，继续存留 loiter or dawdle; continue or persist. Hoping to see Juliet pass by, Romeo lingered outside the Capulet house for hours. Though Mother made stuffed cabbage on Monday, the smell lingered around the house for days.

linguistic adj.语言上的，语言学上的 pertaining to language. Exposed to most modern European languages in childhood, she grew up to be a linguistic prodigy.

liniment n.擦剂，涂抹油 ointment; lotion; salve. The trainer carefully applied the liniment to the quarterback's bruise, gently rubbing it into the skin.

lionize v.把…奉为名人 treat as a celebrity. She enjoyed being lionized and adored by the public.

liquidate v.清算，偿还 settle accounts; clear up. He was able to liquidate all his debts in a short period of time.

list v.(船)倾侧，倾靠 tilt; lean over. That flagpole should be absolutely vertical; instead, it lists to one side, (secondary meaning)

■	listless adj.倦怠的，情绪低落的 lacking in spirit or energy. We had expected him to be full of enthusiasm and were surprised by his listless attitude.

litany n.连祷，应答祷告 supplicatory prayer. On this solemn day, the congregation responded to the prayers of the priest during the litany with fervor and intensity.

• lithe adj.(指人、身体)柔软的,易弯的flexible; supple. Her figure was lithe and willowy.

litigation n.诉讼，起诉 lawsuit. Try to settle this without involving any lawyers; I do not want to become bogged down in litigation, litigant, n.

livid adj.铅灰色，（被打得）青紫色的：狂怒的lead-colored; black and blue; enraged. His face was so livid with rage that we were afraid that he might have an attack of apoplexy.

loath adj.不情愿的，勉强的 reluctant; disinclined. Fearing for their son's safety, the overprotective parents were loath to let him go on the class trip.

loathe v.厌恶，憎恶 detest. Booing and hissing, the audience showed how much they loathed the wicked villain.

■	lofty ada 高耸的，崇高的 very high. Though Barbara Jordan's fellow students used to tease her about her lofty ambitions, she rose to hold one of the highest positions in the land.

log n.(航行）日志 record of a voyage or flight; record of day to day activities. "Flogged two seamen today for insubordination" wrote Captain Bligh in the Bounty's log. To see how much work I've accomplished recently, just take a look at the number of new files listed on my computer log.

loiter v.闲荡，虚度，徘徊 hang around; linger. The policeman told him not to loiter the alley.

loll v.懒洋洋地闲荡 lounge about. They lolled around in their chairs watching television.

longevity n.长寿 long life. When he reached ninety, the old man was proud of his longevity.

loom v.隐现，迫近 appear or take shape (usually in an enlarged or distorted form). The shadow of the gallows loomed threateningly above the small boy.

lope v.大步慢跑 gallop slowly. As the horses loped along, we had an opportunity to admire the ever-changing scenery.

loquacious adj.多话的，饶舌的 talkative. Though our daughter barely says a word to us these days, put a phone

in her hand and see how loquacious she can be: our phone bills are out of sight! loquacity, n.

lout n.笨人 clumsy person. That awkward /ot/f dropped my priceless vase!
low v.牛口4 moo. From the hilltop, they could see the herd like ants in the distance; they could barely hear the cattle low.
Word List 29 lucid-maul

lucid ADJ.浅显易懂的，明晰的 easily understood; clear; intelligible. Ellen makes an excellent teacher: her explanations of technical points are lucid enough for a child to grasp.

lucrative ad J.有利润的 profitable. He turned his hobby into a lucrative profession.

ludicrous adj.可笑的，滑稽的，愚蠢的 ridiculous; laughable; absurd. Gwen tried to keep a straight face, but Bill's suggestion was so ludicrous that she finally had to laugh.

lugubrious adj.可怜的，悲惨的 mournful. Gloomy Gus walked around town with a lugubrious expression on his face.

lull n.间歇，稍息 moment of calm. Not wanting to get wet, they waited under the awning for a lull in the rain, lull v.使平静，使安静 soothe; cause one to relax one's guard; subside. The mother's gentle song lulled the child to sleep. Malcolm tried to come up with a plausible story to lull his mother's suspicions, but she didn’t believe a word he said.

lumber v.笨重地行动 move heavily or clumsily. Still somewhat torpid after its long hibernation, the bear lumbered through the woods.

luminary n.名人；榜样 celebrity; dignitary. A leading light of the American stage, Ethel Barrymore was a theatrical luminary whose name lives on.

luminous adj.发光的，明亮的 shining; issuing light. The sun is a luminous body.

lummox n.愚蠢不中用者 big, clumsy, often stupid person. Because he was highly overweight and looked ungainly, John Candy often was cast as a slow-witted lummox.

lunar adj.月的，月亮的 pertaining to the moon. Lunar craters can be plainly seen with the aid of a small telescope.

lunge v.冲，扑 quickly dive forward; thrust. The wide receiver lunged forward to grab the football. With his sword, Dartagnan lunged at his adversary.

•	lurid adj.可怕的，可憎的 wild; sensational; graphic; gruesome. Do the lurid cover stories in the Enquirer actually attract people to buy that trashy tabloid?

lurk v.潜藏，潜伏，埋伏 stealthily lie in waiting; slink; exist unperceived. "Who knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men? The Shadow knows."

luscious adj.美味的，甘美的 pleasing to taste or smell. The ripe peach was luscious.

luster n.光彩，光泽 shine; gloss. The soft luster of the silk in the dim light was pleasing.

lustrous adj.有光泽的，光辉的 shining. Her large and lustrous eyes lent a touch of beauty to an otherwise plain face.

•	luxuriant adj.丰富的，肥沃的 abundant; rich and splendid; fertile. Lady Godiva was completely covered by her luxuriant hair.
machinations n.诡计 evil schemes or plots. Fortunately, Batman saw through the wily machinations of the Riddler and saved Gotham City from destruction by the forces of evil.

madrigal n.牧歌，小曲 pastoral song. His program of folk songs included several madrigals which he sang to the accompaniment of a lute.

maelstrom n.大游涡 whirlpool. The canoe was tossed about in the maelstrom.

magnanimous adj.宽宏大量的，有雅量的generous; great-hearted. Philanthropists by definition are magnanimous', misers, by definition, are not. Cordelia was too magnanimous to resent her father's unkindness to her; instead, she generously forgave him. magnanimity, n.

magnate n.巨头，富豪，要人 person of prominence or influence. Growing up in Pittsburgh, Annie Dillard was surrounded by the mansions of the great steel and coal magnates who set their mark on that city.

magnitude n.巨大，广大 greatness; extent. It is difficult to comprehend the magnitude of his crime, maim v.使残废 mutilate; injure. The hospital could not take care of all who had been wounded or maimed in the railroad accident.

maladroit adj.不灵巧的，笨拙的 clumsy; bungling. "Oh! My stupid tongue!" exclaimed Jane, embarrassed at having said anything so maladroit.

malady n.疾病 illness. A mysterious malady swept the country, filling doctors' offices with feverish, purple-spotted patients.

malaise n.身体不适 uneasiness; vague feeling of ill health. Feeling slightly queasy before going onstage, Carol realized that this touch of malaise was merely stage fright.

malapropism n.荒唐的用词comic misuse of a word. When Mrs. Malaprop accuses Lydia of being "as headstrong as an allegory on the banks of the Nile," she confuses "allegory" and "alligator" in a typical malapropism.

malcontent n.不满者 person dissatisfied with existing state of affairs. One of the few malcontents in Congress, he constantly voiced his objections to the presidential program. also ADJ.

malediction n.咒骂，坏话 curse. When the magic mirror revealed that Snow White was still alive, the wicked queen cried out in rage and uttered dreadful maledictions.

malefactor n.犯罪分子 evildoer; criminal. Mighty Mouse will save the day, hunting down malefactors and rescuing innocent mice from peril.

malevolent ad^j.有恶意的，坏心肠的 wishing evil. Iago is a malevolentV\Wa\r] who takes pleasure in ruining Othello.

malfeasance n.不法行为，渎职 wrongdoing. The authorities did not discover the campaign manager's malfeasance until after he had spent most of the money he had embezzled.

■ malicious adj.怀恶意的，恶毒的 hateful; spiteful. Jealous of Cinderella's beauty, her malicious stepsisters expressed

their spite by forcing her to do menial tasks, malice, n.

malign v.污蔑，中伤 speak evil of; bad-mouth; defame. Putting her hands over her ears, Rose refused to listen to Betty malign her friend Susan.

malignant adj.恶毒的，致命的 injurious; tending to cause death; aggressively malevolent. Though many tumors are benign, some are malignant, growing out of control and endangering the life of the patient.

malingerer n.装病以逃避责任者，装病的人one who feigns illness to escape duty. The captain ordered the sergeant to punish all malingerers and force them to work, malinger, v.

malleable adj.延展性的，可锻的 capable of being shaped by pounding; impressionable. Gold is a malleable metal, easily shaped into bracelets and rings. Fag in hoped Oliver was a malleable lad, easily shaped into a thief.

malodorous adj.有恶臭的 foul-smelling. The compost heap was most malodorous in summer.

mammal n.哺乳动物 a vertebrate animal whose female suckles its young. Many people regard the whale as a fish and do not realize that it is a mammal.

mammoth adj.庞大的，体积庞大的 gigantic; enormous. To try to memorize every word on this vocabulary list would be a mammoth undertaking; take on projects that are more manageable in size.

mandate n.命令，训令，要求 order; charge. In his inaugural address, the president stated that he had a mandate from the people to seek an end to social evils such as poverty, also v.

mandatory adj.命令的，强制的 obligatory; compulsory. It is mandatory that, before graduation, all students must pass the swimming test.

maniacal ad丄发狂的，狂乱的 raging mad; insane. Though Mr. Rochester had locked his mad wife in the attic, he could still hear her maniacal laughter echoing throughout the house.

manifest adj.显然的，明白的 evident; visible; obvious. Digby’s embarrassment when he met Madonna was manifest his ears turned bright pink, he kept scuffing one shoe in the dirt, and he couldn't look her in the eye.

manifesto n.宣言，声明 declaration; statement of policy. The Communist Manifesto by Marx and Engels proclaimed the principles of modern communism.

manipulate v.熟练地操作，巧妙地处理operate with one's hands; control or play upon (people, forces, etc.) artfully. Jim Henson understood how to manipulate the Muppets. Madonna understands how to manipulate men (and publicity)-

mannered adj.不自然的或矫饰的 affected; not natural. Attempting to copy the style of his wealthy neighbors, Gatsby adopted a mannered, artificial way of speech.

marital adj.女昏姻的 pertaining to marriage. After the publication of her book of marital advice, she was often consulted by married couples on the verge of divorce.

maritime adj.海的；航海的;海军的 bordering on the sea; nautical. The Maritime Provinces depend on the sea for their wealth.

marked adj.有记号的，显著的 noticeable or pronounced; targeted for vengeance. He walked with a marked limp, a souvenir of an old I.R.A. attack. As British ambassador, he knew he was a marked man, for he knew the Irish Republican Army wanted him dead.
marquee n.大帐篷，华盖 canopy above an entrance, under which one can take shelter; rooflike shelter above a theater entrance. On stormy days, the hotel doorman keeps dry by standing directly beneath the marquee. The title of Arthur Kopit’s play Oh Dad, Poor Dad, Momma's Hung You in the Closet and im Feeling So Sad was too long to fit on the marquee.

■	marred adj.损坏的 damaged; disfigured. She had to refinish the marred surface of the table, mar, v.

marshal v.排列，安排 put in order. At a debate tournament, extemporaneous speakers have only a minute or two to marshal [heir thoughts before they address their audience.

marsupial n.有袋动物 one of a family of mammals that nurse their offspring tn a pouch. The most common marsupial in North America is the opossum.

martial adj.战争的，军事的 warlike. The sound of martial music inspired the young cadet with dreams of military glory.

martinet n.严格执行纪律（或规章制度）的人strict disciplinarian. No talking at meals! No mingling with the servants! Miss Minchin was a martinet who insisted that the schoolgirls in her charge observe each regulation to the letter.

martyr n.殉道者，烈士,受难者 one who voluntarily suffers death for his or her religion or cause; great sufferer. By burning her at the stake, the English made Joan of Arc a martyr for her faith. Mother played the martyr by staying home cleaning the house while the rest of the family went off to the beach.

masochist n.受虐狂 person who enjoys his own pain. The masochist begs, "Hit me. The sadist smiles and says, "I won't."

material ad丄物质的；具体的，重要的made of physical matter; unspiritual; important. Probing the mysteries of this material world has always fascinated physicist George Whitesides. Reporters nicknamed Madonna the Material Girl because, despite her name, she seemed wholly uninterested in spiritual values. Lexy’s active participation made a material difference to the success of the fund-raiser.

■	materialism n.实利主义，物质主义 preoccupation with physical comforts and things. By its nature, materialism is opposed to idealism, for where the materialist emphasizes the needs of frie body, the idealist emphasizes the needs of the soul.

maternal adj.母亲的，母性的 motherly. Many animals display maternal instincts only while their offspring are young and helpless.

matriarch n.女族长，女家长 woman who rules a family or larger social group. The matriarch ruled her gypsy tribe with a firm hand.

matriculate v.被录取人学 enroll (in college or graduate school). Incoming students formally matriculate at our college in a special ceremony during which they sign the official register of students.

matrix n.母体，发源地；矩阵；模型或模具point of origin; array of numbers or algebraic symbols; mold or die. Some historians ciaim the Nile Valley was the matrix of Western civilization.

maudlin adj.感If 脆写导的 effusively sentimental. Whenever a particularly maudlin tearjerker was playing at the movies, Marvin would embarrass himself by weeping copiously.

maul v.粗手粗脚地摆弄 handle roughly. The rock star was mauled by his over-excited fans.

Word List 30 maverick-misrepresent

maverick n.持不同意见者；独来独往者rebel; noncon-

•	formist. To the masculine literary establishment, George Sand with her insistence on wearing trousers and smoking cigars was clearly a maverick who fought her proper womanly role.

mawkish adj.自作多情的；感情脆弱的mushy and gushy; icky-sticky sentimental; maudlin. Whenever Gigi and her boyfriend would sigh and get all lovey-dovey, her little brother would shout, "Yuck!” protesting their mawkish behavior.

maxim n.格言，座右铭 proverb; a truth pithily stated. Aesop's story of the hare and the tortoise illustrates the maxim "Slow and steady wins the race."

meager adj.瘦的；贫乏的；不足的 scanty; inadequate. Still hungry after his meager serving of porridge, Oliver Twist asked for a second helping.

•	meander v.漫步,蜿蜒而流 wind or turn in its course. Needing to stay close to a source of water, he followed every twist and turn of the stream as it meandered through the countryside.

meddlesome adj.好干涉的 interfering. He felt his marriage was suffering because of his meddlesome mother-inlaw.

mediate v.仲裁，调停 settle a dispute through the services of an outsider. King Solomon was asked to mediate a dispute between two women, each of whom claimed to be the mother of the same child.

mediocre adj.中等的，平庸的 ordinary; commonplace. We were disappointed because he gave a rather mediocre performance in this role.

meditation n.沉思，冥想 reflection; thought. She reached her decision only after much meditation.

medley n.混合物；混杂 mixture. To avoid boring dancers by playing any one tune for too long, bands may combine three or four tunes into a medley.

meek ad丄温顺的；谦和的 quiet and obedient; spiritless. Can Lois Lane see through Superman's disguise and spot the superhero hiding behind the guise of meek, timorous Clark Kent? Mr. Barrett never expected his meek daughter would dare to defy him by eloping with her suitor.

melancholy adj.忧郁的，悲伤的 gloomy; morose; blue. To Eugene, stuck in his small town, a train whistle was a melancholy sound, for it made him think of all the places he would never get to see.

mellifluous adj.流畅的；优美动听的 sweetly or smoothly flowing; melodious. Italian is a mellifluous language, especially suited to being sung.

membrane n.膜，隔膜 thin soft sheet of animal or vegetable tissue. Each individual section of an orange is covered with a thin, transparent membrane, membranous, adj. memento n.纪念品 token; reminder. Take this book as a memento of your visit.

menagerie n.(—群）野生动物 collection of wild animals. Whenever the children run wild around the house, Mom shouts, "Calm down! I'm not running a menagerie^

mendacious adj.不诚实的；爱扯谎的 lying; habitually dishonest. Distrusting Huck from the start, Miss Watson
assumed he was mendacious and refused to believe a word he said.

mendicant n.乞丐 beggar. "0 noble sir, give alms to the poor," cried Aladdin, playing the mendicant.

menial adj.卑下的，奴仆的 suitable for servants; lowly; mean. Her wicked stepmother forced Cinderella to do menial tasks around the house while her ugly stepsisters lolled around painting their toenails.

mentor n.导师，指导者 teacher. During this very trying period, she could not have had a better mentor, for the teacher was sympathetic and understanding.

參 mercenary adj.唯禾是图的 interested in money or gain. Andy's every act was prompted by mercenary motives: his first question was always "What's in it for me?”

• mercurial adj.活泼善変的 capricious; changing; fickle. Quick as quicksilver to change, he was mercurial in nature and therefore unreliable.

merger n.(企业等的)并吞,结合 combination (of two business corporations). When the firm's president married the director of financial planning, the office joke was that it wasn't a marriage, it was a merger.

mesmerize v.施催眠术 hypnotize. The incessant drone seemed to mesmerize him and place him in a trance.

metallurgical adj.冶金学的 pertaining to the art of removing metals from ores. During the course of his metallurgical research, the scientist developed a steel alloy of tremendous strength.

metamorphosis n.变形；变态 change of form; major transformation. The metamorphosis of caterpillar to butterfly is typical of many such changes in animal life, metamorphose, v.

metaphor n.(修辞）暗喻 implied comparison. "He soared like an eagle" is an example of a simile; "He is an eagle in flight," a metaphor.

metaphysical adj.形而上学的 pertaining to speculative philosophy. The modern poets have gone back to the fanciful poems of the metaphysical poets of the seventeenth century for many of their images, metaphysics, n.

■	methodical adj.系统的 systematic. An accountant must be methodical and maintain order among his financial records.

■	meticulous adj.小心翼翼的 excessively careful; painstaking; scrupulous. Martha Stewart was a meticulous housekeeper, fussing about each and every detail that went into making up her perfect home.

metropolis n.大城市，都会 large city. Every evening the terminal is filled with thousands of commuters going from this metropolis to their homes in the suburbs.

mettle n.勇气，奋斗精神 courage; spirit. When challenged by the other horses in the race, the thoroughbred proved its mettle by its determination to hold the lead.

miasma n.毒气，沼气 swamp gas; heavy, vaporous atmosphere, often emanating from decaying matter; pervasive corrupting influence. The smog hung over Victorian London like a dark cloud; noisome, reeking of decay, it was a visible miasma.

microcosm n.微观世界 small world; the world in miniature. The small village community that Jane Austen depicts serves as a microcosm of English society in her time, for in this small world we see all the social classes meeting and mingling.

migrant adj.迁移的，移居的 changing its habitat; wander广 ing. Migrant workers return to the Central Valley each year at harvest time, also n.

migratory adj.迁移的，流浪的 wandering. The return of the migratory birds to the northern sections of this country is a harbinger of spring, migrate, v.

milieu n.环境；表达方式 environment; means of expression. Surrounded by smooth preppies and arty bohemians, the country boy from Smalltown, USA, felt out of his milieu. Although he has produced excellent oil paintings and lithographs, his proper milieu is watercolor.

militant adj.好战的；好用暴力的 combative; bellicose. Although at this time he was advocating a policy of neutrality, one could usually find him adopting a more militant attitude. also n.

mimicry n.模仿 imitation. Her gift for mimicry was so great that her friends said that she should be in the theater, mincing adj.装模作样的 affectedly dainty. Yum-Yum walked across the stage with mincing steps.

minuscule adj.极小的 extremely small. Why should I involve myself with a project with so minuscule a chance for success?

minute adj.微小的 extremely small. The twins resembled one another closely; only minute differences set them apart.

minutiae n.微小的细节 petty details. She would have liked to ignore the minutiae of daily living.

mirage n.海市蜃楼；蜃景 unreal reflection; optical illusion. The lost prospector was fooled by a mirage in the desert.

mire v.階人泥潭 entangle; stick in swampy ground. Their rear wheels became mired in mud. also n.

•	mirth n.欢乐；欢笑 merriment; laughter. Sober Malvolio found Sir Toby's mirth improper.

•	misanthrope n.厌恶人类的人 one who hates mankind. In
Gulliver's Travels, Swift portrays an image of humanity as vile, degraded beasts; for this reason, various critics consider him a misanthrope.

misapprehension n.误会，误解 error; misunderstanding. To avoid misapprehension, I am going to ask all of you to repeat the instructions I have given.

miscellany n.杂集 mixture of writings on various subjects. This is an interesting miscellany of nineteenth-century prose and poetry.

mischance n.不幸，灾难 i’ll luck. By mischance, he lost his week’s salary.

misconception n.误解，错觉 mistaken idea. "Sir, you are suffering from a misconception. I do not wish to marry you in the least!"

misconstrue v.误解，曲解 interpret incorrectly; misjudge. She took the passage seriously rather than humorously because she misconstrued the author’s ironic tone, misdemeanor n.【律】轻罪 minor crime. The culprit pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor rather than face trial for a felony.

■ miserly adj.吝啬的；贪婪的 stingy; mean. Transformed by his vision on Christmas Eve, mean old Scrooge ceased being miserly and became a generous, kind old man. misgivings n.疑虑，担忧 doubts. Hamlet described his misgivings to Horatio but decided to fence with Laertes despite his foreboding of evil.

mishap n.不幸的事；灾难 accident. With a little care you could have avoided this mishap.

• misnomer n.用词不当，误称 wrong name; incorrect designation. His tyrannical conduct proved to all that his nickname, King Eric the Just, was a misnomer.

misrepresent v.误传i 歪曲 give a false or incorrect impression, often deliberately; serve unsatisfactorily as a representative. In his job application, Milton misrepresented his academic background; he was fired when his employers discovered the truth. The reformers accused Senator Gunbucks of misrepresenting his constituents and claimed he took bribes from the NRA.
Word List 31 missile-natty

missile n.投射物 object to be thrown or projected. After carefully folding his book report into a paper airplane, 巳eavis threw the missile across the classroom at Butthead. Rocket scientists are building guided missiles., Beavis and Butthead can barely make unguided ones.

missive n.信件 letter. The ambassador received a missive from the secretary of state.

mite n.螨；小硬币 very small object or creature; small coin. Gnats are annoying mites that sting.

■ mitigate v.减轻，使缓和 appease; moderate. Nothing Jason did could mitigate Medea's anger； she refused to forgive him for betraying her.

mnemonic adj.记忆的，记忆性的 pertaining to memory. He used mnemonic tricks to master new words, mobile adj.可移动的 movable; not fixed. The mobile blood bank operated by the Red Cross visited our neighborhood today, mobility, n.
mock v.嘲笑，以模仿的方式嘲笑 ridicule; imitate, often in derision. It is unkind to mock anyone; it is stupid to mock anyone significantly bigger than you. mockery, n.

mode n.方式，做法，风格 prevailing style; manner; way of doing something. The rock star had to have her hair done in the latest mode: frizzed, with occasional moussed spikes for variety. Henry plans to adopt a simpler mode of life: he is going to become a mushroom hunter and live off the land.

modicum n.少量，一点点、limited quantity. Although his story is based on a modicum of truth, most of the events he describes are fictitious.

modulate v.使音调转低；调节，调整 tone down in intensity; regulate; change from one key to another. Always singing at the top of her lungs, the budding 巳runhilde never learned to modulate her voice.

molecule n.分子 the smallest particle (one or more atoms) of a substance, having all the properties of that sub-

stance. In chemistry, we study how atoms and molecules react to form new substances.

• mollify v.使平息，安抚 soothe. The airline customer service representative tried to mollify the angry passenger by offering her a seat in first class.

molt v.脱毛，换羽 shed or cast off hair or feathers. When Molly's canary molted, he shed feathers all over the house.

molten adj.熔化的 melted. The city of Pompeii was destroyed by volcanic ash rather than by molten lava flowing from Mount Vesuvius.

momentous adj.重大的，重要的 very important. When Marie and Pierre Curie discovered radium, they had no idea of the momentous impact their discovery would have upon society.

momentum n.动力；冲力，势头 quantity of motion of a moving body; impetus. The car lost momentum as it tried to ascend the steep hill.

monarchy n.个人专制，君主政体 government under a single ruler. Though England today is a monarchy, there is some question whether it will be one in twenty years, given the present discontent at the prospect of Prince Charles as king.

monastic adj.隐修院的：遁世的 related to monks or monasteries; removed from worldly concerns. Withdrawing from the world, Thomas Merton joined a contemplative religious order and adopted the monastic life.

monetary adj.货币的，金融的 pertaining to money. Jane held the family purse strings: she made all monetary decisions affecting the household.

monochromatic adj.单色的 having only one color. Most people who are color blind actually can distinguish several colors; some, however, have a truly monochromatic view of a world all in shades of gray.

monolithic adj.整体式的；不屈的 solidly uniform; unyielding. Knowing the importance of appearing resolute, the patriots sought to present a monolithic front.

monosyllabic adj.单音节的 having only one syllable. No matter what he was asked, the taciturn New Englander answered with a monosyllabic "Yep" or "Nope.” monosyllable, N.

monotony n.单一，单调 sameness leading to boredom. What could be more deadly dull than the monotony of punching numbers into a computer hour after hour? montage n.蒙太奇，剪接，镜头组接photographic composition combining elements from different sources. In one early montage, Beauchamp brought together pictures of broken mannequins and newspaper clippings about the Vietnam War.

monumental adj.巨大的 massive. Writing a dictionary is a monumental task.

moodiness n.郁郁寡欢，闷闷不乐 fits of depression or gloom. Her recurrent moodiness left her feeling as if she had fallen into a black hole.

moratorium n.【法】债务人延期偿还（权）legal delay of payment. If we declare a moratorium and delay collection of debts for six months, I am sure the farmers will be able to meet their bills.

morbid adj.病的，病理的；（心理）病态的given to unwholesome thought; moody; characteristic of disease. People who come to disaster sites just to peer at the grisly wreckage are indulging their morbid curiosity.
mores n.风俗，习惯；道德观念 conventions; moral standards; customs. In America, Benazir Bhutto dressed as Western women did; in Pakistan, however, she followed the mores of her people, dressing in traditional veil and robes, moribund adj.垂死的 dying. Hearst took a moribund, failing weekly newspaper and transformed it into one of the 'liveliest, most profitable daily papers around.

■	morose adj.脾气差的，孤僻的 ill-humored; sullen; melancholy. Forced to take early retirement, Bill acted morose for months; then, all of a sudden, he shook off his sullen mood and was his usual cheerful self.

mortician n.承办丧葬者，殡葬业者 undertaker. The mortician prepared the corpse for burial, mortify v.使受辱 humiliate; punish the flesh. She was so mortified by her blunder that she ran to her room in tears.

•	mosaic n.马赛克；镶嵌工艺画 picture made of colorful small inlaid tiles. The mayor compared the city to a beautiful mosaic made up of people of every race and religion on earth.

mote n.微粒，屑 small speck. The tiniest mote in the eye is very painful.

motif n.主题，主旨 theme. This simple motif runs throughout the entire score.

motley adj.杂色的，五颜六色的 multi-colored; mixed. The jester wore a motley tunic, red and green and blue and gold all patched together haphazardly. Captain Ahab had gathered a motley crew to sail the vessel: old sea dogs and runaway boys, pillars of the church and drunkards, even a tattooed islander who terrified the rest of the crew, mottled adj.杂色的，斑驳的 blotched in coloring； spotted. When old Falstaff blushed, his face was mottled with embarrassment, all pink and purple and red.

muddle v.混合；搞乱 confuse; mix up. His thoughts were muddled and chaotic, also n.

muggy adj.闷热的，潮湿的 warm and damp. August in New York City is often muggy.

multifaceted adj.多面的 having many aspects. A multifaceted composer, Roger Davidson has recorded original pieces that range from ragtime tangos to choral masses.

multifarious adj.多种多样的，千差万别的 varied; greatly diversified. A career woman and mother, she was constantly busy with the multifarious activities of her daily life.

multiform adj.多种形式的，多种多样的having many forms. Snowflakes are multiform but always hexagonal, multilingual adj.多种语言的 having many languages. Because Switzerland is surrounded by France, Germany, Italy, and Austria, many Swiss people are multilingual. multiplicity n.多样性 state of being numerous. He was appalled by the multiplicity of details he had to complete before setting out on his mission.

■	mundane ad丄世界的，世俗的，平凡的worldly as opposed to spiritual; everyday. Uninterested in philosophical or spiritual discussions, Tom talked only of mundane matters such as the daily weather forecast or the latest basketball results.

•	munificent adj.慷慨的 very generous. Shamelessly fawning over a particularly generous donor, the dean kept on referring to her as “our munificent benefactor." munificence, n.

mural n.壁画，壁饰 wall painting. The walls of the Chicano Community Center are covered with murals painted in the style of Diego Rivera, the great Mexican artist.

murky adj.阴暗的；有浓雾的；隐晦的，含糊的dark and gloomy; thick with fog; vague. The murky depths of the swamp were so dark that one couldn't tell the vines and branches from the snakes.

muse v.沉思，默想 ponder. For a moment he mused about the beauty of the scene, but his thoughts soon changed as he recalled his own personal problems, also n.

mushroom v.迅速生长，迅速增加expand or grow rapidly. Between 1990 and 1999, the population of Silicon Valley mushroomed., with the rapidly increasing demand for housing, home prices skyrocketed as well.

musky adj.麝香的，有麝香味的 having the odor of musk. She left a trace of musky perfume behind her. muster v.召集，集合 gather; assemble. Washington mustered his forces at Trenton, also n.

musty adj.发霉的；老朽的 stale; spoiled by age. The attic was dark and musty.

mutability n.可变性，易变性 ability to change in form; fickleness. Going from rags to riches, and then back to rags again, the bankrupt financier was a victim of the mutability of fortune.

muted adj.含糊的;缄默的 silent; muffled; toned down. Thanks to the thick, sound-absorbing walls of the cathedral, only muted traffic noise reached the worshippers within, mutinous adj.难以控制的；反抗的 unruly; rebellious. The captain had to use force to quiet his mutinous crew, mutiny, n.

myopic adj.近视的：短见的 nearsighted; lacking foresight. Stumbling into doors despite the coke bottle lenses on his glasses, the nearsighted Mr. Magoo is markedly myopic. In playing all summer long and ignoring to store up
food for winter, the grasshopper in Aesop's fable was myopic as well.

myriad n.无数的，大量 very large number. Myriads of mosquitoes from the swamps invaded our village every twilight. also ADJ.

mystify v.使神秘化，蒙蔽，迷惑 bewilder purposely. When doctors speak in medical jargon, they often mystify their patients, who have little knowledge of medical terminology.

nadir n.最{氏、盘 lowest point. Although few people realized it, the Dow-Jones averages had reached their nadir and would soon begin an upward surge.

naivete n.天真，纯真无邪 quality of being unsophisticated; simplicity; artlessness; gullibility. Touched by the naivete of sweet, convent-trained Cosette, Marius pledges himself to protect her innocence, naive, adj.

narcissist n.自我陶醉者 conceited person; someone in love with his own image. A narcissist is her own best friend.

narrative adj.叙述的 related to telling a story. A born teller of tales, Tillie Olsen used her impressive narrative skills to advantage in her story "I Stand Here Ironing." narrate, v.

nascent adj.初生的，新生的，萌芽的 incipient; coming into being. If we could identify these revolutionary movements in their nascent state, we would be able to eliminate serious trouble in later years.

natty adj.整洁的；装扮时尚的 neatly or smartly dressed. Priding himself on being a natty dresser, the gangster Bugsy Siegel collected a wardrobe of imported suits and ties.
Word List 32 nauseate-obsessive

nauseate v.使厌恶，使恶心 cause to become sick; fill with disgust. The foul smells began to nauseate him.

nautical adj.航海的 pertaining to ships or navigation. The Maritime Museum contains many models of clipper ships, logbooks, anchors and many other items of a nautical nature.

navigable adj.可航行的，可通航的 wide and deep enough to allow ships to pass through; able to be steered. So much sand had built up at the bottom of the canal that the waterway was barely navigable.

nebulous adj.星云的，云雾状的，模糊的vague; hazy; cloudy. Phil and Dave tried to come up with a clear, intelligible business plan, not some hazy, nebulous proposal, necromancy n.巫术，占卜术 black magic; dealings with the dead. The evil sorceror performed feats of necromancy, calling on the spirits of the dead to tell the future.

• nefarious adj.邪恶的，穷凶极恶的 very wicked. The villain's crimes, though various, were one and all nefarious.

■ negate v.否定，打消 cancel out; nullify; deny. A sudden surge of adrenalin can negate the effects of fatigue: there's nothing like a good shock to wake you up.

negligence n.粗心大意，疏忽 neglect; failure to take reasonable care. Tommy failed to put back the cover on the well after he fetched his pail of water； because of his negligence, Kitty fell in.
negligible adj.可以忽略的:不重要的 so small, trifling, or unimportant that it may be easily disregarded. Because the damage to his car had been negligible, Michael decided he wouldn't bother to report the matter to his insurance company.

nemesis 七 n.复仇者 someone seeking revenge. Abandoned at sea in a small boat, the vengeful Captain Bligh vowed to be the nemesis of Fletcher Christian and his fellow mutineers.

neologism n.新词 new or newly coined word or phrase. As we invent new techniques and professions, we must also invent neologisms such as "microcomputer" and "astronaut" to describe them.

neophyte n.初学者,新手 recent convert; beginner. This mountain slope contains slides that will challenge experts as well as neophytes.

nepotism n.裙带关系 favoritism (to a relative). John left his position with the company because he felt that advancement was based on nepotism rather than ability.

nettle v.使烦恼》使生气 annoy; vex. Do not let him nettle you with his sarcastic remarks.

neutral adj.中立的，不偏向的 impartial; not supporting one side over another. Reluctant to get mixed up in someone else’s quarrel, Bobby tried to remain neutral, but eventually he had to take sides.

nicety n.微妙之处；细微，精密；优点subtlety; precision; minute distinction; fine point. This word list provides illustrative sentences for each entry word; it cannot, however, explain all the niceties of current English usage.

nihilist n.虚无主义者；极端怀疑论者；恐怖主义者one who believes traditional beliefs to be groundless and existence meaningless; absolute skeptic; revolutionary terrorist. In his final days, Hitler revealed himself a power-mad nihilist, ready to annihilate all of Western Europe, even to destroy Germany itself, in order that his will might prevail. The root of the word nihilist is nihil, Latin for nothing. nihilism, n.

nip v.捏，夹，剪断；冻伤 stop something's growth or development; snip off; bite; make numb with cold. The twins were plotting mischief, but Mother intervened and nipped that plan in the bud. The gardener nipped off a lovely rose and gave it to me. Last week a guard dog nipped the postman in the leg; this week the extreme chill nipped his fingers till he could barely hold the mail.

nirvana n.(佛教)涅盘，解脱 in Buddhist teachings, the ideal state in which the individual loses himself in the attainment of an impersonal beatitude. Despite his desire to achieve nirvana, the young Buddhist found that even the buzzing of a fly could distract him from his meditation.

nocturnal ad J.夜晚的;夜间发生的 done at night. Mr. Jones obtained a watchdog to prevent the nocturnal raids on his chicken coops.

noisome adj.有恶臭的；使人不快的foul-smelling; unwholesome. The noisome atmosphere downwind of the oil refinery not only stank, it damaged the lungs of everyone living in the area.

nomadic adj.游牧的；流浪的 wandering. Several nomadic tribes of Indians would hunt in this area each year.

nomenclature n.术语；命名法 terminology; system of names. Sharon found Latin word parts useful in translating medical nomenclature: when her son had to have a bilateral myringotomy, she figured out that he just needed a hole in each of his eardrums to end the earaches he had.

nominal ad丄名义上的，有名无实的in name only; trifling. He offered to drive her to the airport for only a nominal fee.

■ nonchalance n.冷淡，漠不关心；镇定 indifference; lack of concern; composure. Cool, calm, and collected under fire, James Bond shows remarkable nonchalance in the face of danger.

noncommittal adj.中立的；不承诺的；不表态的neutral; unpledged; undecided. We were annoyed by his noncommittal reply for we had been led to expect definite assurances of his approval.

nondescript adj.难以区别的，无特征的 undistinctive; ordinary. The private detective was a short, nondescript fellow with no outstanding features, the sort of person one would never notice in a crowd.

nonentity n.无足轻重的人；不存在，非实在person of no importance; nonexistence. Because the two older princes dismissed their youngest brother as a nonentity, they did not realize that he was quietly plotting to seize the throne, nonplus v.使迷惑 bring to halt by confusion; perplex. Jack's uncharacteristic rudeness nonplussed Jill, leaving her uncertain how to react.

nostalgia n.乡愁，怀旧之情 homesickness; longing for the past. My grandfather seldom spoke of life in the old country; he had little patience with nostalgia, nostalgic, adj.
notable adj.值得注意的，显著的；著名的conspicuous; important; distinguished. Normally notable for his calm in the kitchen, today the head cook was shaking, for the notable chef Julia Child was coming to dinner.

■	notoriety n.恶名，臭名昭著 disrepute; ill fame. To the starlet, any publicity was good publicity: if she couldn't have a good reputation, she’d settle for notoriety, notorious, ADJ.

■	novelty n.新奇，新鲜事物 something new; newness. The computer is no longer a novelty at work; every desk in our office has one. novel, adj.

novice n.新手，初学者 beginner. Even a novice at working with computers can install Barron's Computer Study Program for the SAT by following the easy steps outlined in the user's manual.

noxious adj.有害的；有毒的 harmful. We must trace the source of these noxious gases before they asphyxiate us.

•	nuance n.细微差别 shade of difference in meaning or color; subtle distinction. Jody gazed at the Monet landscape for an hour, appreciating every subtle nuance of color in the painting.

nullify v.使无效，废弃 to make invalid. Once the contract was nullified, it no longer had any legal force.

numismatist n.钱币、奖章收藏家 person who collects coins. The numismatist had a splendid collection of antique coins.

nuptial ad丄女昏姻的，女昏礼的 related to marriage. Reluctant to be married in a traditional setting, they decided to hold their nuptial ceremony at the carousel in Golden Gate Park.

■	nurture v.养育，教育，教养 nourish; educate; foster. The Head Start program attempts to nurture pre-kindergarten children so that they will do well when they enter public school, also n.

nutrient n.营养物 nourishing substance. As a budding nutritionist, Kim has learned to design diets that contain foods rich in important basic nutrients.

oaf n.呆子；畸形儿 stupid, awkward person. "Watch what you're doing, you clumsy oafl" Bill shouted at the waiter who had drenched him with iced coffee.

•	obdurate ad丄:执拗的；顽固的 stubborn. He was obdurate in his refusal to listen to our complaints.

obese adj.肥胖的，肥大的 fat. It is advisable that obese people try to lose weight.

obfuscate v.搞乱;迷惑;使慌乱 confuse; muddle; cause confusion; make needlessly complex. Was the president's spokesman trying to clarify the hidden weapons mystery, or was he trying to obfuscate the issue so the voters would never figure out what had gone on?

obituary adj. i卜告白勺 death notice. I first learned of her death when I read the obituary column in the newspaper, also n.

objective adj.客观的，如实的 not influenced by emotions; fair. Even though he was her son, she tried to be objective about his behavior.

objective n.目标，目的 goal; aim. A degree in medicine was her ultimate objective.

obligatory adj.必须的 binding; required. It is obligatory that books borrowed from the library be returned within two weeks.

oblique adj. I司接白勺；f顷斜的 indirect; slanting (deviating from the perpendicular or from a straight line). Casting a

quick, oblique glance at the reviewing stand, the sergeant ordered the company to march ''Oblique Right."

■	obliterate v.除去；抹煞；使湮没 destroy completely. The tidal wave obliterated several island villages.

■	oblivion n.遗忘 obscurity; forgetfulness. After a decade of popularity, Hurston's works had fallen into oblivion-, no one bothered to read them anymore.

oblivious adj.不注意的；忘却的 inattentive or unmindful; wholly absorbed. Deep in her book, Nancy was oblivious to the noisy squabbles of her brother and his friends.

obnoxious adj.使人讨厌的；可憎的 offensive; objectionable. A sneak and a tattletale, Sid was an obnoxious little brat.

obscure adj.暗的，朦胧的，模糊的 dark; vague; unclear.
Even after I read the poem a fourth time, its meaning was still obscure, obscurity, n.

■ obscure v.使暗；使不明显 darken； make unclear. At times he seemed purposely to obscure his meaning, preferring mystery to clarity.

obsequious ad丄奉承的，卑躬的 slavishly attentive; servile; sycophantic. Helen liked to be served by people who behaved as if they respected themselves; nothing irritated her more than an excessively obsequious waiter or a fawning salesclerk.

obsessive ad丄强迫性的，分神的 related to thinking about something constantly; preoccupying. Ballet, which had been a hobby, began to dominate his life: his love of dancing became obsessive, obsession, n.
Word List 33 obsolete-pacifist

obsolete adj.废弃的，淘汰的 no longer useful; outmoded; antiquated. The invention of the pocket calculator made the slide rule used by generations of engineers obsolete.

obstetrician n.产科医生 physician specializing in delivery of babies. Unlike midwives, who care for women giving birth at home, obstetricians generally work in a hospital setting.

■ obstinate adj.倔强的，难以驾驭的 stubborn; hard to control or treat. We tried to persuade him to give up smoking, but he was obstinate and refused to change. Blackberry stickers are the most obstinate weeds I know: once established in a yard, they're extremely hard to root out. obstinacy, N.

obstreperous adi 喧哗的，喧闹的 boisterous; noisy. What do you do when an obstreperous horde of drunken policemen goes carousing through your hotel, crashing into potted plants and singing vulgar songs?

obtrude v.强加；闯入；伸出 push (oneself or one's ideas) forward or intrude; butt in; stick out or extrude. Because Fanny was reluctant to obtrude her opinions about child-raising upon her daughter-in-law, she kept a close watch on her tongue, obtrusive, adj.

obtuse adj.迟钝的，愚笨的 blunt; stupid. Because Mr. Collins was too obtuse to take a hint, Elizabeth finally had to tell him that she wouldn't marry him if he were the last man on earth.

obviate v.避免，使不必要 prevent; make unnecessary. In the twentieth century, people believed electronic communications would obviate the need for hard copy; they envisioned a paperless society.

• odious adj.可'憎的，可恶白勺 hateful; vile. Cinderella's ugly stepsisters had the odious habit of popping their zits in public.

odium n.反感，憎恶，公愤 strong dislike or contempt; hatefulness; disrepute. Unable to bear the odium attached to their family name, the killer's parents changed their name and moved away from their hometown.

odorous adj.有气味的 having an odor. This variety of hybrid tea rose is more odorous than the one you have in your garden.

odyssey n.漫长的历险旅程 long, eventful journey. The refugee’s journey from Cambodia was a terrifying odyssey.
offensive adj.无礼的，冒犯的 attacking; insulting; distasteful. Getting into street brawls is no minor matter for professional boxers, who are required by law to restrict their offensive impulses to the ring.

offhand adj.漫不经心的，唐突的 casual; done without prior thought. Expecting to be treated with due propriety by her hosts, Great-Aunt Maud was offended by their offhand manner.

officious adj.好管闲事的 meddlesome; excessively pushy in offering one's services. Judy wanted to look over the new computer models on her own, but the officious salesman kept on butting in with "helpful" advice until she was ready to walk out of the store.

ogle v.色眯眯地看，盯视 look at amorously; make eyes at. At the coffee house, Walter was too shy to ogle the pretty girls openly; instead, he peeked out at them from behind a rubber plant.

olfactory adj.嗅觉的 concerning the sense of smell. A wine taster must have a discriminating palate and a keen olfactory sense, for a good wine appeals both to the taste buds and to the nose.

oligarchy :n.寡头政治 government by a privileged few. One small clique ran the student council: what had been intended as a democratic governing body had turned into an oligarchy.

■ ominous adj.不吉利的，不祥的 threatening. Those clouds are ominous; they suggest a severe storm is on the way.

omnipotent adj.全能的 all-powerful. Under Stalin, the Soviet government seemed omnipotent, no one dared defy the all-powerful State.

omnipresent adj.无所不在的 universally present; ubiquitous. The Beatles are a major musical force, whose influence is omnipresent \r\ all contemporary popular music.

omniscient adj.全知的 all-knowing. I may not be omniscient, but I know a bit more than you do, young man!

omnivorous adj.杂食的 eating both plant and animal food; devouring everything. Some animals, including man, are omnivorous and eat both meat and vegetables; others are either carnivorous or herbivorous.

onerous adj.繁重的，艰巨的 burdensome. He asked for an assistant because his work load was too onerous. onset n.开始5 攻击 beginning; attack. Caught unpre-

pared by the sudden onset of the storm, we rushed around the house closing windows and bringing the garden furniture into shelter. Caught unprepared by the enemy onset, the troops scrambled to take shelter.

onus n.责任，义务 burden; responsibility. The emperor was spared the onus of signing the surrender papers; instead, he relegated the assignment to his generals.

opalescent adj.乳白的，乳色的 iridescent; lustrous. The oil slick on the water had an opalescent, rainbow-like sheen.

■	opaque adj.不透明的 dark; not transparent. The opaque window shade kept the sunlight out of the room, opacity, n.

opiate n.麻醉剂，镇静剂 medicine to induce sleep or deaden pain; something that relieves emotions or causes inaction. To say that religion is the opiate of the people is to condemn religion as a drug that keeps the people quiet and submissive to those in power.

opportune adj.适时的，及时的 timely; well-chosen. Sally looked at her father struggling to balance his checkbook; clearly this would not be an opportune moment to ask him for a raise in her allowance.

■	opportunist n.机会主义者 individual who sacrifices principles for expediency by taking advantage of circumstances. Joe is such an opportunist that he tripled the price of bottled water at his store as soon as the earthquake struck. Because it can break water pipes, an earthquake is, to most people, a disaster; to Joe, it was an opportunity.

optician n.眼镜商，眼镜制造商 maker and seller of eyeglasses. The patient took the prescription given him by his oculist to the optician.

■	optimist n.乐观主义者 person who looks on the good side. The pessimist says the glass is half-empty; the optimist says it is half-full.

optimum adj.最佳的 most favorable. If you wait for the optimum moment to act, you may never begin your project, also n.

optional adj.随意的，任选的 not obligatory; left to one's choice. Most colleges require applicants to submit SAT scores; at some colleges, however, submitting SAT scores is optional.

■	opulence n.富裕，丰富 extreme wealth; luxuriousness; abundance. The glitter and opulence of the ballroom took Cinderella's breath away, opulent, adj.

opus n.作品，杰作 work. Although many critics hailed his Fifth Symphony as his major work, he did not regard it as his major opus.

oracular adj.神谕的 prophetic; uttered as if with divine authority; mysterious or ambiguous. Like many others who sought divine guidance from the oracle at Delphi, Oedipus could not understand the enigmatic oracular warning he received.

■	orator n.演说家 public speaker. The abolitionist Frederick Douglass was a brilliant orator whose speeches brought home to his audience the evils of slavery.

ordain v.委任，授…以神职；主宰decree or command; grant holy orders; predestine. The king ordained that no foreigner should be allowed to enter the city. The Bishop of Michigan ordained David a deacon in the Episcopal Church. The young lovers felt that fate had ordained their meeting.
ordeal n.苦难经历，折磨 severe trial or affliction. June was so painfully shy that it was an ordeal for her to speak up when the teacher called on her in class.

ordinance n.法令，条例 decree. Passing a red light is a violation of a city ordinance.

ordination n.授神职（礼）ceremony making someone a minister. At the young priest's ordination, the members of the congregation presented him with a set of vestments, ordain, v.

orgy n.纵酒；纵欲 wild, drunken revelry; unrestrained indulgence in a tendency. The Roman emperor's orgies were far wilder than the toga party in the movie Animal House. When her income tax refund check finally arrived, Sally indulged in an orgy of shopping.

orient v.给…定方向；使适应 get one’s bearings; adjust. Philip spent his first day in Denver orienting himself to the city.

orientation n.适应；熟悉 act of finding oneself in society. Freshman orientation provides the incoming students with an opportunity to learn about their new environment and their place in it.

• ornate adi装饰华丽的，过分修饰的excessively or elaborately decorated. With its elaborately carved, convoluted lines, furniture of the Baroque period was highly ornate.

ornithologist n.鸟类学者 scientific student of birds. Audubon's drawings of American bird life have been of interest not only to ornithologists but also to the general public.

ornithology n.鸟类学 study of birds. Audubon's studies of American birds greatly influenced the course of ornithology.

orthodox adj.正统的，正宗的 traditional; conservative in belief. Faced with a problem, he preferred to take an orthodox approach rather than shock anyone, orthodoxy, n.

oscillate v.摆动，动摇，上下波动 vibrate pendulumlike; waver. It is interesting to note how public opinion oscillates between the extremes of optimism and pessimism, ossify v.骨化，成骨 change or harden into bone. When he called his opponent a "bonehead," he implied that his adversary's brain had ossified to the point that he was incapable of clear;thinking.

ostensible adj.表面上的，假装的 apparent; professed; pretended. Although the ostensible purpose of this expedition is to discover new lands, we are really interested in finding new markets for our products.

■ ostentatious adj.炫耀的，卖弄的，显眼的 showy; pretentious; trying to attract attention. Donald Trump's latest casino in Atlantic City is the most ostentatious gambling palace in the East: it easily outglitters its competitors, ostentation, N.

ostracize v.放逐，把…流放 exclude from public favor; ban. As soon as the newspapers carried the story of his connection with the criminals, his friends began to ostracize him. ostracism, n.

oust v.驱逐，罢黒出 expel; drive out. The world wondered if Aquino would be able to oust Marcos from office, ouster, n.

outlandish adj.奇特的，稀奇古怪的 bizarre; peculiar; unconventional. The eccentric professor who engages in markedly outlandish behavior is a stock figure in novels with an academic setting.

outmoded ad丄过时的，老式的 no longer stylish; old-fashioned. Unconcerned about keeping in style, Lenore was

perfectly happy to wear outmoded clothes as long as they were clean and unfrayed.

outskirts n.外围，边缘；郊区 fringes; outer borders. We lived, not in central London, but in one of those peripheral suburbs that spring up on the outskirts of a great city.

outspoken adj.直言的，坦率的 candid; blunt. The candidate was too outspoken to be a successful politician; he had not yet learned to weigh his words carefully.

outstrip v.比…快，超过 surpass; outdo. Jesse Owens easily outstripped his white competitors to win the gold medal at the Olympic Games.

outwit v.智胜，骗取 outsmart; trick. By disguising himself as an old woman, Holmes was able to outwit his pursuers and escape capture.

ovation n.热列欢呼，鼓掌 enthusiastic applause. When the popular tenor Placido Domingo came on stage in the first act of La Boheme, he was greeted by a tremendous ovation.
overbearing adj.专横的，傲慢的；压倒一切的bossy and arrogant; decisively important. Certain of her own importance, and of the unimportance of everyone else, Lady Bracknell was intolerably overbearing in her manner. “In choosing a husband," she said, "good birth is of overbearing importance; compared to that, neither wealth nor talent signifies,

overt adj.公开的，明显的 open to view. According to the United States Constitution, a person must commit an overt act before he may be tried for treason.

overwrought adj.过度紧张的，过度忧烦的extremely agitated; hysterical. When Kate heard the news of the sudden tragedy, she became too overwrought to work and had to leave the office early.

pachyderm n.厚皮动物 thick-skinned animal. The elephant is probably the best-known pachyderm.

■ pacifist n.和平主义者 one opposed to force; antimilitarist. During the war, though the pacifists refused to bear arms, they nevertheless served in the front lines as ambulance drivers and medical corpsmen.
Word List 34 pacify-peccadillo

pacify v.安抚，使安静 soothe; make calm or quiet; subdue. Dentists criticize the practice of giving fussy children sweets to pacify them.

pact n.条约，协约 agreement; treaty. Tweedledum and Tweedledee made a pact not to quarrel anymore.

paean n.赞歌，欢乐歌 song of praise or joy. Paeans celebrating the victory filled the air.

painstaking adj.费尽心思的，小心的 showing hard work; taking great care. The new high-frequency word list is the result of painstaking efforts on the part of our research staff, palatable ad丄合意的；可口的 agreeable; pleasing to the taste. Neither Jack's underbaked opinions nor his overcooked casseroles were palatable to Jill.

paleontology n.古生物学，化石学 study of prehistoric life. The paleontology instructor had a superb collection of fossils.

palette n.调色板 flat surface on which painter mixes pigments; range of colors commonly used by a particular artist. The artist's apprentices had the messy job of cleaning his brushes and palette. Through chromatic analysis, the forgers were able to match all the colors in Monet's palette.

pall v.令人发腻 grow tiresome. The study of word lists can eventually pall and put one to sleep.

palliate v.减轻，缓和，为…找借口 lessen the violence of (a disease); alleviate; moderate intensity; gloss over with excuses. Not content merely to palliate the patient's sores and cankers, the researcher sought a means of wiping out the disease, palliative, adj.

pallid adj.苍白的，无血色的 pale; wan. Because his job required that he work at night and sleep during the day, he had an exceptionally pallid complexion.

palpable adj.明显的，显而易见的 tangible; easily perceptible; unmistakable. The patient's enlarged spleen was palpable: even the first year medical student could feel it.

palpitate v.(心脏）剧跳，悸动，颤抖 throb; flutter. As he became excited, his heart began to palpitate more and
more erratically.

paltry ad丄太少的，微不足道的 insignificant; petty; trifling. One hundred dollars for a genuine imitation Rolex watch! Lady, this is a paltry sum to pay for such a high-class piece of jewelry.

pan v.严厉批评 criticize harshly. Hoping for a rave review of his new show, the playwright was miserable when the critics panned it unanimously.

panacea n.万全之策，万灵药 cure-all; remedy for all diseases. The rich youth cynically declared that the panacea for all speeding tickets was a big enough bribe.

panache n.神气十足，潇洒 flair; flamboyance. Many performers imitate Noel Coward, but few have his panache and sense of style.

pandemic adj.广泛蔓延的；普遍的，全世界的widespread; affecting the majority of people. They feared the AIDS epidemic would soon reach pandemic proportions.

pandemonium n.大混乱，骚乱 wild tumult. When the ships collided in the harbor, pandemonium broke out among the passengers.

pander v.迎合（不良需求）cater to the low desires of others. The reviewer accused the makers of Lethal Weapon of pandering to the masses' taste for violence.

panegyric n.颂文，颂辞 formal praise. Blushing at all the praise heaped upon him by the speakers, the modest hero said, "I don't deserve such panegyrics.”

panoramic adj.全景的；概论的 related to an unobstructed and comprehensive view. From Inspiration Point we had a magnificent panoramic view of the Marin headlands and San Francisco Bay. panorama, n.

pantomime n.哑剧 acting without dialogue. Artists in pantomime need no words to communicate with their audience; their only language is gesture, also v.

papyrus n.纸莎草纸 ancient paper made from stem of papyrus plant. The ancient Egyptians were among the first to write on papyrus.

parable n.说教寓言 short, simple story teaching a moral. Let us apply to our own conduct the lesson that this parable teaches.

paradigm n.模型；范例；样式 model; example; pattern. Pavlov's experiment in which he trains a dog to salivate on hearing a bell is a paradigm of the conditioned-response experiment in behavioral psychology. Barron's How to Prepare for College Entrance Examinations was a paradigm for all the SAT-prep books that followed.

paradox n.自相矛盾；似非而是 something apparently contradictory in nature; statement that looks false but is actually correct. Richard presents a bit of a paradox, for he is a cardcarrying member of both the National Rifle Association and the relatively pacifist American Civil Liberties Union.

paragon n.典范，模范 model of perfection. Her fellow students disliked Lavinia because Miss Minchin always pointed her out as a paragon of virtue.

parallelism n.平行，类似 state of being parallel; similarity. Although the twins were separated at birth and grew up in different adoptive families, a striking parallelism exists between their lives.

parameter n.界限；限定因素；特征 boundary; limiting factor; distinguishing characteristic. According to feminist Andrea Dworkin, men have defined the parameters of every subject; now women must redefine the limits of each field.

paramount ad丄至高无上的，最重要的foremost in importance; supreme. Proper nutrition and hygiene are of para-mot/nf importance in adolescent development and growth, paranoia n.多疑，偏执狂 psychosis marked by delusions of grandeur or persecution. Suffering from paranoia, Don claimed everyone was out to get him; ironically, his claim was accurate: even paranoids have enemies.

paraphernalia n.装备；个人随身物品 equipment; odds and ends. His desk was cluttered with paper, pen, ink, dictionary and other paraphernalia of the writing craft.

paraphrase v.意译，改述 restate a passage in one's own words while retaining thought of author. In 250 words or less, paraphrase this article, also n.

parasite n.寄生虫；•陷媚者 animal or plant living on another; toady; sycophant. The tapeworm is an example of the kind of parasite that may infest the human body.

parched adj.干枯白勺，焦干的 extremely dry; very thirsty. The parched desert landscape seemed hostile to life.

•	pariah n.被遗弃的人 social outcast. If everyone ostracized singer Mariah Carey, would she then be Mariah the pariah?

parity n.相同，同等 equality in status or amount; close resemblance. Unfortunately, some doubt exists whether women's salaries will ever achieve parity with men's.

parochial adj.地方观念的：教区的 narrow in outlook; provincial; related to parishes. Although Jane Austen sets her novels in small rural communities, her concerns are universal, not parochial.

•	parody n.诙谐的模仿 humorous imitation; spoof; takeoff; travesty. The show Forbidden Broadway presents parodies spoofing the year's new productions playing on Broadway.

paroxysm n.—阵（痛苦、大笑、狂怒）fit or attack of pain, laughter, rage. When he heard of his son's misdeeds, he was seized by a paroxysm of rage.

parry v.回避，避开 ward off a blow; deflect. Unwilling to injure his opponent in such a pointless clash, Dartagnan simply tried to parry his rival's thrusts. What fun it was to watch
Katharine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy parry each other's verbal thrusts in their classic screwball comedies!

• parsimony n.小气，吝啬 stinginess; excessive frugality. Furious because her father wouldn’t let her buy out the clothing store, Annie accused him of parsimony.

partial adj.部分的；偏向一方的 incomplete; having a liking for something. In this issue we have published only a partial list of contributors because we lack space to acknowledge everyone. I am extremely partial to chocolate eclairs, partiality n.偏见 inclination; bias. As a judge, not only must I be unbiased, but I must also avoid any evidence of partiality when I award the prize.

■ partisan adj.党派的，派性的 one-sided; prejudiced; committed to a party. On certain issues of principle, she refused to take a partisan stand, but let her conscience be her guide. Rather than joining forces to solve our nation's problems, the Democrats and Republicans spend their time on partisan struggles, also n.

partition v.分割，隔开 divide into parts. Before their second daughter was born, Jason and Lizzie decided each child needed a room of her own, and so they partitioned a large bedroom into two small but separate rooms, also n. passive adj.消极的，被动的 not active; acted upon. Mahatma Gandhi urged his followers to pursue a program of passive resistance as he felt that it was more effective than violence and acts of terrorism.

passport n.护照 legal document identifying the bearer as a citizen of a country and allowing him or her to travel abroad. In arranging your first trip abroad, be sure to allow yourself enough time to apply for and receive your passport: you won't be allowed to travel without one.

pastiche n.模仿作品；集锦，拼凑而成的作品piece of writing or music made up of borrowed bits and pieces; hodgepodge. Her essay was a pastiche of fragments of articles she had found on the Internet.

pastoral adj.田园的，乡村的;牧人的 rural; simple and peaceful; idyllic; related to shepherds. Tired of the stress of life in the city, Dana dreamed of moving to the country and enjoying a simple pastoral life.

patent adj.公开的，明显的 open for the public to read; obvious. It was patent to everyone that the witness spoke the truth, also n.

pathetic adj.可怜的，招人怜悯的 causing sadness, compassion, pity; touching. Everyone in the auditorium was weeping by the time he finished his pathetic tale about the orphaned boy.

pathological ad丄病理学的；疾病的，病态的related to the study of disease; diseased or markedly abnormal. Jerome's pathological fear of germs led him to wash his hands a hundred times a day. pathology, n.

pathos n.伤感；伤感力 tender sorrow; pity; quality in art or literature that produces these feelings. The quiet tone of pathos that ran through the novel never degenerated into the maudlin or the overly sentimental.

patina n.铜绿；光释 green crust on old bronze works; tone slowly taken by varnished painting. Judging by the patina on this bronze statue, we can conclude that this is the work of a medieval artist.

patriarch n.家长，族长 father and ruler of a family or tribe. In many primitive tribes, the leader and lawmaker was the patriarch.

patrician adj.贵族的，贵族式的 noble; aristocratic. We greatly admired her well-bred, patrician elegance, also n.

patronize v.赞助，资助；光顾 support; act superior toward; be a customer of. Penniless artists hope to find some wealthy art-lover who will patronize them. If some condescending wine steward patronized me because he saw I knew nothing about fine wine, I'd refuse to patronize his restaurant.
® paucity n.不足，缺乏 scarcity. They closed the restaurant because the paucity of customers made it uneconomical to operate.

pauper n.穷人，贫民 very poor person. Though Widow Brown was living on a reduced income, she was by no means a pauper.

peccadillo n.小过错，小过失 slight offense. When Peter Piper picked a peck of Polly Potter's pickles, did Pete commit a major crime or just a peccadillo?
Word List 35 pecuniary-philanderer

pecuniary adj.钱的，金钱方面的 pertaining to money. Seldom earning enough to cover their expenses, folk dance teachers work because they love dancing, not because they expect any pecuniary reward.

pedagogy n.教学；教育学 teaching; art of education. Though Maria Montessori gained fame for her innovations in pedagogy, it took years before her teaching techniques were common practice in American schools.

pedant n.学究 scholar who overemphasizes book learning or technicalities. Her insistence that the book be memorized marked the teacher as a pedant rather than a scholar.

pedantic adj.学究的，书呆子的 showing off learning; bookish. Leavening his decisions with humorous, down-to-earth anecdotes, Judge Walker was not at all the pedantic legal scholar, pedant, pedantry, n.

pedestrian adj.平淡无奇的，乏味的 ordinary; unimaginative. Unintentionally boring, he wrote page after page of pedestrian prose.

pediatrician n.儿科医生 expert in children's diseases. The family doctor advised the parents to consult a pediatrician about their child's ailment.

peerless adj.无双的，无与匹敌的 having no equal; incomparable. The reigning operatic tenor of his generation, to his admirers Luciano Pavarotti was peerless: no one could compare with him.

pejorative adj.贬义的，贬损的 negative in connotation; having a belittling effect. Instead of criticizing Schwarzenegger's policies, the Democrats made pejorative comments about his character.

pellucid adj.清澈的，透明的:易懂的 transparent; limpid; easy to understand. After reading these stodgy philosophers, I find Bertrand Russell's pellucid style very enjoyable.

penchant n.嗜好，爱好 strong inclination; liking. Dave has a penchant for taking risks: one semester he went steady with three girls, two of whom were stars on the school karate team.

pendant n.挂件，垂饰 ornament (hanging from a necklace, etc.) The grateful team presented the coach with a silver chain and penc/anf engraved with the school’s motto.

penitent adj.忏悔的，悔过的 repentant. When he realized the enormity of his crime, he became remorseful and penitent. also n.

pensive adj.心事重重的；郁郁寡欢的;沉思的dreamily thoughtful; thoughtful with a hint of sadness; contemplative.
The pensive lover gazed at the portrait of his beloved and deeply sighed.

•	penury n.贫困，贫穷 severe poverty; stinginess. When his pension fund failed, George feared he would end his days in penury. He became such a penny pincher that he turned into a closefisted, penurious miser.

perceptive adj.洞察力强的，有见地的 insightful; aware; wise. Although Maud was a generally perceptive critic, she had her blind spots: she could never see flaws in the work of her friends.

percussion adj.撞击的，敲击的，打击乐器的striking one object against another sharply. The drum is a percussion instrument, also n.

perdition n.死后的惩罚；彻底毁灭 damnation; complete ruin. Praying for salvation, young Steven Daedalus feared he was dam门ed to eternal perdition.

peregrination n.旅行 journey. Auntie Mame was a world traveler whose peregrinations took her from Tiajuana to Tim-buctoo.

peremptory adj.专横的，不容抗拒的 demanding and leaving no choice. From Jack’s peremptory knock on the door, Jill could tell he would not give up until she let him in.

perennial n.多年生植物；长期的事物something that is continuing or recurrent. These plants are hardy perennials and will bloom for many years, also adj.

perfidious adj.不忠实的，背信弃义的 treacherous; disloyal. When Caesar realized that Brutus had betrayed him, he reproached his perfidious friend, perfidy, n. perforate v.穿孑L，打洞 pierce; put a hole through. Before you can open the aspirin bottle, you must first perforate the plastic safety seal that covers the cap.

•	perfunctory adj.肤浅的;敷衍的 superficial; not thorough; lacking interest, care, or enthusiasm. The auditor's perfunctory inspection of the books overlooked many errors. Giving the tabletop only a perfunctory swipe with her dust cloth, Betty promised herself she'd clean it more thoroughly tomorrow.

perimeter n.周边，周围 outer boundary. To find the perimeter of any quadrilateral, we add the lengths of the four sides.

■ peripheral ad丄次要的；夕卜围的 marginal; outer. We lived, not in central London, but in one of those peripheral suburbs that spring up on the outskirts of a great city, periphery n.边缘，夕卜围 edge, especially of a round surface. He sensed that there was something just beyond the periphery of his vision.

perjury n.伪证（罪)，伪誓 false testimony while under oath. Rather than lie under oath and perhaps be indicted for perjury, the witness chose to take the Fifth Amendment, refusing to answer any questions on the grounds that he might incriminate himself.

permeable adj.可渗透的，有渗透力的penetrable; porous; allowing liquids or gas to pass through. If your jogging clothes weren't made out of permeable fabric, you'd drown in your own perspiration (figuratively speaking), permeate v.渗透；弥漫 pass through; spread. The odor of frying onions permeated the air.

• pernicious adj.有害的，恶性的 very destructive. Crack cocaine has had a pernicious effect on urban society: it has destroyed families, turned children into drug dealers, and increased the spread of violent crimes.

perpetrate v.做错事；犯罪 commit an offense. Only an insane person could perpetrate such a horrible crime.

perpetual adj.连续不断的，无休止的 everlasting. Ponce de Leon hoped to find the legendary fountain of perpetual youth.

■ perpetuate v.使长存，使永恒 make something last; preserve from extinction. Some critics attack The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn because they believe Twain’s book perpetuates a false image of Blacks in this country. ,

perquisite n.额夕卜收人，夕卜'陕 any gain above stipulated salary. The perquisites attached to this job make it even more attractive than the salary indicates.

persevere v.坚持不懈 persist; endure; strive. Despite the church’s threats to excommunicate him for heresy, Galileo persevered in his belief that the earth moved around the sun.

persona n.公共场合的形象或性格public personality or facade. Offstage the comedian was a sullen, irritable grumbler, a far cry from his ever-cheerful adopted stage persona.

personable adj.有风度的，有魅力的 attractive. Though not as strikingly handsome as a movie star, James was nonetheless a personable young man.

perspicacious adj.有洞察力的，敏锐的 having insight; penetrating; astute. "Absolutely brilliant, Holmes!M cried Watson, as Holmes made yet another perspicacious deduction, perspicacity, n.

pert adj.唐突的，无礼的 impertinent; forward. The matron in charge of the orphanage thought Annie was pert and disrespectful.
Word List 36 philanthropist-precedent

■ philanthropist n.慈善家，乐善好施者 lover of mankind; doer of good. In his role as philanthropist and public benefactor, John D. Rockefeller, Sr., donated millions to charity; as an individual, however, he was a tight-fisted old man.

philistine n.平庸的人，没有文化修养的人narrow-minded person, uncultured and exclusively interested in material gain. A philistine knows the price of everything, but the value of nothing.

philology n.语言学 study of language. The professor of philology advocated the use of Esperanto as an international language.
pertinacious adj.固执的，坚持的 stubborn; persistent. He is bound to succeed because his pertinacious nature will not'permit him to quit.

pertinent adj.直接相关的，有关的 to the point; relevant. Virginia Woolf’s words on women's rights are as pertinent today as they were when she wrote them nearly a century ‘ago.

perturb v.使忧虑，使烦恼 disturb greatly. The thought that electricity might be leaking out of the empty lightbulb sockets perturbed my aunt so much that at night she crept about the house screwing fresh bulbs in the vacant spots, perturbation, n.

peruse v.精读，阅读 read with care. After the conflagration that burned down her house, Joan closely perused her home insurance policy to discover exactly what benefits her coverage provided her. perusal, n.

■	pervasive adj.遍布的，无所不在的 pervading; spread throughout every part. Despite airing them for several hours, Martha could not rid her clothes of the pervasive odor of mothballs that clung to them, pervade, v.

perverse adj. 一意孤行的；恶意的 stubbornly wrongheaded; wicked and perverted. When Jack was in a perverse mood, he would do the opposite of whatever Jill asked him. When Hannibal Lecter was in a perverse mood, he ate the flesh of his victims. Jack acted out of perversity. Hannibal's act proved his perversion.

■	pessimism n.悲观主义，悲观 belief that life is basically bad or evil; gloominess. Considering how well you have done in the course so far, you have no real reason for such pessimism about your final grade.

petrify v.石化；使惊呆 turn to stone. His sudden, unexpected appearance shocked her into immobility: she was petrified.

petty adj.小的，不重要的 trivial; unimportant; very small. She had no major complaints to make about his work, only a few petty quibbles that were almost too minor to state.

petulant adj.脾气坏的 touchy; peevish. If you'd had hardly any sleep for three nights and people kept phoning and waking you up, you’d sound pretty petulant, too.

■	phenomena n.;现象 observable facts; subjects of scientific investigation. We kept careful records of the phenomena we noted in the course of these experiments.

philanderer n.玩弄女性者；爱调情的人faithless lover; flirt. Swearing he had never so much as looked at another woman, Ralph assured Alice he was no philanderer.
phlegmatic adj.沉着的，冷静的 calm; not easily disturbed. The nurse was a cheerful but phlegmatic person, unexcited in the face of sudden emergencies.

phobia n.强烈的恐惧 morbid fear. Her fear of flying was more than mere nervousness; it was a real phobia.

phoenix n.凤凰；死而复生的人或事symbol of immortality or rebirth. Like the legendary phoenix rising from its ashes, the city of San Francisco rose again after its destruction during the 1906 earthquake.

phylum n.(生物分类上的）门 major class of plants; primary branch of animal kingdom; division. In sorting out her

hundreds of packets of seeds, Katya decided to file them by phylum.

physiological adj.生理学的 pertaining to the science of the function of living organisms. To understand this disease fully, we must examine not only its physiological aspects but also its psychological elements.

picaresque adj.流？良'汉题材的 pertaining to rogues in literature. Tom Jones has been hailed as one of the best picaresque novels in the English language.

piebald adj.有花斑的 mottled; spotted. You should be able to identify Polka Dot in this race; it is the only piebald horse running.

piecemeal adv. 一步步地，逐渐地 one piece at a time; gradually. Tolstoy’s War and Peace is too huge to finish in one sitting; I'll have to read it piecemeal.

pied adj.杂色的，多色的 variegated; multicolored. The Pied Piper of Hamelin got his name from the multicolored clothing he wore.

■ piety n.虔诚，虔敬 religious devotion; godliness. The nuns in the convent were noted for their piety; they spent their days in worship and prayer, pious, adj.

pigment n.颜料，色素 coloring matter. Van Gogh mixed various pigments with linseed oil to create his paints.

pillage v.抢劫，劫掠 plunder. The enemy pillaged the quiet village and left it in ruins.

pine v.衰弱，憔悴;思念 languish, decline; long for, yearn. Though she tried to be happy living with Clara in the city, Heidi pined for the mountains and for her gruff but loving grandfather.

pinnacle n.极点，顶峰 peak. We could see the morning sunlight illuminate the pinnacle while the rest of the mountain lay in shadow.

pious adj.虔诚的:宗教的 devout; religious. The challenge for church people today is how to be pious in the best sense, that is, to be devout without becoming hypocritical or sanctimonious, piety, n.

piquant ad丄辛辣的，开胃的 pleasantly tart-tasting; stimulating. The piquant sauce added to our enjoyment of the meal, piquancy, n.

pique n.不悦，生气 irritation; resentment. She showed her pique at her loss by refusing to appear with the other contestants at the end of the competition, also v.

pique v.使生气，激怒 provoke or arouse; annoy. "I know something you don't know," said Lucy, trying to pique Ethel's interest.

•	pitfall n.隐患!陷阱 hidden danger; concealed trap. Her parents warned young Sophie against the many pitfalls that lay in wait for her in the dangerous big city.

•	pithy adj.精练的，简洁的，精辟的 concise; meaningful; substantial; meaty. While other girls might have gone on and on about how uncool Elton was, Liz summed it up in one pithy remark: "He's bogus!"

pittance n.少量的钱 a small allowance or wage. He could not live on the pittance he received as a pension and had to look for an additional source of revenue.

pivotal adj.关键的 crucial; key; vital. The new "smart weapons" technology played a pivotal role in the quick resolution of the war with Iraq.
■ placate v.使平静，安抚 pacify; conciliate. The store manager tried to placate the angry customer, offering to replace the damaged merchandise or to give back her money right away.

placebo n.安慰剂 harmless substance prescribed as a dummy pill. In a controlled experiment, fifty volunteers were given aspirin tablets; the control group received only placebos.

placid adj.安静的，平静的 peaceful; calm. Looking at the storm-tossed waters of the lake, Bob wondered how people had ever come to call it Lake Placid.

plagiarism n.剽窃，抄袭 theft of another's ideas or writings passed off as original. The editor recognized the plagiarism and rebuked the culprit who had presented the manuscript as original.

plagiarize v.劑窃，抄袭 steal another's ideas and pass them off as one’s own. The teacher could tell that the student had plagiarized parts of his essay; she could recognize whole paragraphs straight from Barron's Book Notes.

plaintive adj.哀伤的 mournful. The dove has a plaintive and melancholy call.

plasticity n.可塑性 ability to be molded. When clay dries out, it loses its plasticity and becomes less malleable.

platitude n.老生常谈，陈词滥调 trite remark; commonplace statement. In giving advice to his son, old Polonius expressed himself only in platitudes., every word out of his mouth was a commonplace.

plaudit n.赞扬，赞美 enthusiastically worded approval; round of applause. The theatrical company reprinted the plaudits of the critics in its advertisements, plauditory, adj.

plausible adj.似乎是真的；有道理的having a show of truth but open to doubt; specious. Your mother made you stay home from school because she needed you to program the VCR?.I'm sorry, you'll have to come up with a more plausible excuse than that.

plenitude n.充分，充足5 完全 abundance; completeness. Looking in the pantry, we admired the plenitude of fruits and pickles we had preserved during the summer.

plethora n.过多，过剩 excess; overabundance. She offered a plethora of excuses for her shortcomings.

pliable adj.柔韧的;变通的，适应性强的flexible; yielding; adaptable. In remodeling the bathroom, we have replaced all the old, rigid lead pipes with new, pliable copper tubing.

pliant adj.柔顺的；温顺的 flexible; easily influenced. Pinocchio's disposition was pliant, he was like putty in his tempters' hands.

plight n.情况；困境 condition, state (especially a bad state or condition); predicament. Many people feel that the federal government should do more to alleviate the plight of the homeless. Loggers, unmoved by the plight of the spotted owl, plan to continue logging whether or not they ruin the owl's habitat.

plumage n.(鸟的）全身羽毛 feathers of a bird. Bird watchers identify different species of bird by their characteristic songs and distinctive plumage.

plumb adj.完全的；垂直的 checking perpendicularity; vertical. Before hanging wallpaper it is advisable to drop a plumb line from the ceiling as a guide, also n. and v.

plumb v.查明，探明；用铅锤测深 examine critically in order to understand; measure depth (by sounding). Try as he would, Watson could never fully plumb the depths of Holmes's thought processes.

plummet v.暴跌 fall sharply. Stock prices plummeted as Wall Street reacted to the crisis in the economy, plutocracy n.财阀政府 society ruled by the wealthy. From the way the government caters to the rich, you might think our society is a plutocracy rather than a democracy, podiatrist n.足医 doctor who treats ailments of the feet. He consulted a podiatrist about his fallen arches.

podium n.表演台；讲台；乐队指挥台pedestal; raised platform. The audience applauded as the conductor made his way to the podium.

poignancy n.心酸，惨痛,(感情）强烈，深刻quality of being deeply moving; keenness of emotion. Watching the tearful reunion of the long-separated mother and child, the social worker was touched by the poignancy of the scene, poignant, adj.

polarize v.使两级化 split into opposite extremes or camps. The abortion issue has polarized the country into pro-choice and anti-abortion camps, polarization, n.

• polemical adj.秤击的；论战的 aggressive in verbal attack; disputatious. Lexy was a master of polemical rhetoric; she should have worn a T-shirt with the slogan "Born to Debate."

politic adj.深谋远虑的；慎重的；明智的expedient; prudent; well advised. Even though he was disappointed by the size of the bonus he was offered, he did not think it politic to refuse it.

polygamist n.多配偶者 one who has more than one spouse at a time. He was arrested as a polygamist when his two wives filed complaints about him.

polyglot adj.通数国语言的；数国语言的speaking several languages. New York City is a polyglot community because of the thousands of immigrants who settle there.

pomposity n.自大，傲 1■曼 self-important behavior; acting like a stuffed shirt. Although the commencement speaker had some good things to say, we had to laugh at his pomposity and general air of parading his own dignity, pompous, ADJ.

■ ponderous adj.笨重的，笨拙的 weighty; unwieldy. His humor lacked the light touch; his jokes were always ponderous.

pontifical adj.教皇的，教宗的；傲慢武断的pertaining to a bishop or pope; pompous or pretentious. From his earliest days at the seminary, John seemed destined for a high pontifical office. However, he sounded so pompous when he pontificated that he never was chosen pontiff all.

pore v.熟读;细想，沉思 study industriously; ponder; scrutinize. Determined to become a physician, Beth spent hours poring over her anatomy text.

porous adj.有孔的；疏松的 full of pores; like a sieve. Dancers like to wear porous clothing because it allows the ready passage of water and air.

portend v.预兆;预示 foretelF; presage. The king did not know what these omens might portend and asked his soothsayers to interpret them.

portent n.标志 sign; omen; forewarning. He regarded the black cloud as a portent of evil.
portly adj.健壮的，魁伟的；肥胖的 stately; stout. The overweight gentleman was referred to as portly by the polite salesclerk.

poseur n.装模作样的人，装腔作势的人person who pretends to be sophisticated, elegant, etc., to impress others. 'Some thought Salvador Dali was a brilliant painter; others dismissed him as a poseur.

posterity n.子孙，后裔 descendants; future generations. We hope to leave a better world to posterity.

posthumous adj.死后的 after death (as of child born after father's death or book published after author’s death). The critics ignored his works during his lifetime; it was only after the posthumous publication of his last novel that they recognized his great talent.

postulate n.假定，基本原理 essential premise; underlying assumption. The basic postulate of democracy, set forth in the Declaration of Independence, is that all men are created equal.

potable adj.适于饮用的 suitable for drinking. The recent drought in the Middle Atlantic states has emphasized the need for extensive research in ways of making sea water potable, also n.

potent adj.有力的，有效的 powerful; persuasive; greatly influential. Looking at the expiration date on the cough syrup bottle, we wondered whether the medication would still be potent, potency, n.

potentate n.统治者，当权者 monarch; sovereign. The potentate spent more time at Monte Carlo than he did at home on his throne.

potential adj.有潜力的 expressing possibility; latent. The cello teacher viewed every new pupil as a potential Yo-Yo Ma. also n.

potion n.——月艮，——剂 dose (of liquid). Tristan and Isolde drink a love potion in the first act of the opera.

practicable adj.能实行的，行得通的 feasible. The board of directors decided that the plan was practicable and agreed to undertake the project.

practical adj.实践的，实用的 based on experience; useful. He was a practical man, opposed to theory.

practitioner n.从业者，开业者 someone engaged in a profession (law, medicine). In need of a hip replacement, Carl sought a practitioner with considerable experience performing this particular surgery.

■ pragmatic ad丄实际的，注重实效的practical (as叩posed to idealistic); concerned with the practical worth or impact of something. This coming trip to France should provide me with a pragmatic test of the value of my conversational French class.

pragmatist n.实用主义者 practical person. No pragmatist enjoys becoming involved in a game he can never win.

prank n.胡闹，开玩笑 mischievous trick. Is tipping over garbage cans on Halloween merely a childish prank, or is it vandalism?

prate v.空谈；瞎聊 speak foolishly; boast idly. Despite Elizabeth's obvious disinclination for the topic, Mr. Collins prated on and on about his wonderful prospects as a husband, thanks to his noble patron, Lady Catherine de Burgh.

• prattle v.唠叨 babble. Baby John prattled on and on about the cats and his ball and the Cookie Monster.

preamble n.序言 introductory statement. In the Preamble to the Constitution, the purpose of the document is set forth.

• precarious ad丄不安全的；危险的 uncertain; risky. Saying the stock would be a precarious investment, the broker advised her client against purchasing it.
precedent n.惯例；先例 something preceding in time that may be used as an authority or guide for future action. If I buy you a car for your sixteenth birthday, your brothers will want me to buy them cars when they turn' sixteen, too; I can't afford to set such an expensive precedent. The law professor asked Jill to state which famous case served as a precedent for the court’s decision in Brown II.
Word List 37 precept-propitiate

precept n.箴言，格言 practical rule guiding conduct. “Love thy neighbor as thyself" is a worthwhile precept. precinct n.区 district or division of a city. Ed McBain's detective novels set in the 87th precinct provide an exciting picture of police work.

precipice n.悬崖；危险的位置 cliff; dangerous position. Suddenly Indiana Jones found himself dangling from the edge of a precipice.

precipitate adj.突如其来的；鲁莽的；匆忙的rash; premature; hasty; sudden. Though I was angry enough to resign on the spot, I had enough sense to keep myself from quitting a job in such a precipitate fashion.

precipitate v.猛抛；促使，促成 throw headlong; hasten. The removal of American political support appears to have precipitated the downfall of the Marcos regime.

precipitous adj.陡峭的；急躁的 steep; overhasty. This hill is difficult to climb because it is so precipitous; one slip, and our descent will be precipitous as well.

precis n.大纲，摘要 concise summing up of main points. Before making her presentation at the conference, Ellen wrote up a neat precis of the major elements she would cover.

precise adj.精确的，准确的 exact. If you don't give me precise directions and a map, 111 never find your place.

■	preclude v.避免；排除 make impossible; eliminate. The fact that the band was already booked to play in Hollywood on New Year's Eve precluded their accepting the New Year's Eve gig in London they were offered.

■	precocious adj.早熟的 advanced in development. Listening to the grown-up way the child discussed serious topics, we couldn't help remarking how precocious she was. precocity, n.

precursor n.先驱 forerunner. Though Gray and Burns share many traits with the Romantic poets who followed them, most critics consider them precursors of the Romantic Movement, not true Romantics.

■	predator n.掠夺者，食肉动物 creature that seizes and devours another animal; person who robs or exploits others. Not just cats, but a wide variety of predators—o^\s, hawks, weasels, foxes—catch mice for dinner. A carnivore is by definition predatory, for he preys on weaker creatures.

■	predecessor n.前辈，前任 former occupant of a post. I hope I can live up to the fine example set by my late predecessors this office.

predetermine v.预先决定，预先倾向 predestine; settle or decide beforehand; influence markedly. Romeo and Juliet believed that Fate had predetermined their meeting. Bea gathered estimates from caterers, florists, and stationers so
that she could predetermine the costs of holding a catered buffet. Philip's love of athletics predetermined his choice of a career in sports marketing.

predicament n.困境，窘境 tricky or dangerous situation; dilemma. Tied to the railroad tracks by the villain, Pauline strained against her bonds. How would she escape from this terrible predicament?

predilection n.爱好，偏袒 partiality; preference. Although Ogden Nash wrote all sorts of poetry over the years, he had a definite predilection for limericks.

predispose v.预先安排，使偏向于 give an inclination toward; make susceptible to. Oleg's love of dressing up his big sister's Barbie doll may have predisposed him to become a fashion designer. Genetic influences apparently predispose people to certain forms of cancer.

preeminent adj.杰出的，卓越的 outstanding; superior. The king traveled to Boston because he wanted the preeminent surgeon in the field to perform the operation, preempt v.先占，先取 head off; forestall by acting first; appropriate for oneself; supplant. Hoping to preempt any attempts by the opposition to make educational reform a hot political issue, the candidate set out her own plan to revitalize the public schools, preemptive, adj.

preen v.把（自己)打扮漂亮，自满make oneself tidy in appearance; feel self-satisfaction. As Kitty preened before the mirror, carefully smoothing her shining hair, she couldn’t help pree/iing over how pretty she looked.

prehensile adj.能抓住的，能握住的 capable of grasping or holding. Monkeys use not only their arms and legs but also their prehensile tails in traveling through the trees, prelate n.高级教士 church dignitary. The archbishop of Moscow and other high-ranking prelates visited the Russian Orthodox seminary.

prelude n.前奏,先§区 introduction; forerunner. I am afraid that this border raid is the prelude to more serious attacks, premeditate v.预谋，预先考虑 plan in advance. She had premeditated the murder for months, reading about common poisons and buying weed killer that contained arsenic, premise n.预述，假定 assumption; postulate. Based on the premise that there's no fool like an old fool, P. T. Barnum hired a ninety-year-old clown for his circus, premonition n.预感,前3匕 forewarning. In horror movies, the hero often has a premonition of danger, yet he foolishly ignores it.

preposterous adj.荒谬的；乖戾的 absurd; ridiculous. When he tried to downplay his youthful experiments with marijuana by saying he hadn’t inhaled, we all thought, "What a preposterous excuse!"

prerogative n.特权;天赋的特权 privilege; unquestionable right. The president cannot levy taxes; that is the prerogative of the legislative branch of government.

presage v.先见，预感 foretell. The vultures flying overhead presaged the discovery of the corpse in the desert, prescience n.预知，先见 ability to foretell the future. Given the current wave of Japan-bashing, it does not take prescience for me to foresee problems in our future trade relations with Japan.

presentiment n.预感 feeling something will happen; anticipatory fear; premonition. Saying goodbye at the airport, Jack had a sudden presentiment that this was the last time he would see Jill.

prestige n.声望，威望 impression produced by achievements or reputation. Many students want to go to Harvard College not for the education offered but for the prestige of Harvard's name.

■	presumptuous adj.放肆的，专横的，傲慢的 overconfident; impertinently bold; taking liberties. Matilda thought it was somewhat presumptuous of the young man to have addressed her without first having been introduced. Perhaps manners were freer here in the New World.

■	pretentious adj.自命不凡的，自夸的 ostentatious; pompous; making unjustified claims; overly ambitious. None of the other prize winners are wearing their medals; isn’t it a bit pretentious of you to wear yours?

preternatural adj.超自然的 beyond what is normal in nature. Malcolm's mother's total ability to tell when he was lying struck him as almost preternatural.

pretext n.借口，托辞 excuse. He looked for a good pretext to get out of paying a visit to his aunt, prevail v.劝服；盛行 induce; triumph over. He tried to prevail on her to type his essay for him.

■	prevalent adj.普遍的，流行的 widespread; generally accepted. A radical committed to social change, Reed had no patience with the conservative views prevalent in the America of his day.

prevaricate v.支吾，搪塞 lie. Some people believe that to prevaricate in a good cause is justifiable and regard such a statement as a "white lie."

prey n.被掠食者，牺牲者 target of a hunt; victim. In Stalking the Wild Asparagus, Euell Gibbons has as his prey not wild beasts but wild plants, also v.

prim adj.整洁的；一本正经的；丝毫不苟的very precise and formal; exceedingly proper. Never having worked as a governess before, Jane thought it best to assume a very prim and proper manner so that her charges would not take liberties with her.

primordial adj.最初的，原始的 existing at the beginning (of time); rudimentary. The Neanderthal Man is one of our primordial ancestors.

primp v.打扮，装饰 groom oneself with care; adorn oneself. The groom stood by idly while his nervous bride-to-be primped one last time before the mirror.

pristine adj.原始的;原来的，未受腐蚀的characteristic of earlier times; primitive; unspoiled. This area has been preserved in all its pristine wildness.

privation n.匮乏；穷困 hardship; want. In his youth, he knew hunger and privation.

probe v.探索，探测 explore with tools. The surgeon probed the wound for foreign matter before suturing it. also n.
problematic adj.问题的，有疑问的 doubtful; unsettled; questionable; perplexing. Given the way building costs have exceeded estimates for the job, whether the arena will ever be completed is problematic.

proclivity n.倾向，癖性 inclination; natural tendency. Watching the two-year-old voluntarily put away his toys, I was amazed by his proclivity for neatness.

procrastinate v.延迟，耽搁 postpone; delay or put off. Looking at four years of receipts and checks he still had to sort through, Bob was truly sorry he had procrastinated for so long and not finished filing his taxes long ago.

prod v.刺，戳，督促 poke; stir up; urge. If you prod him hard enough, he'll eventually clean his room.

■	prodigal adj.极浪费的，挥霍的 wasteful; reckless with money. Don’t be so prodigal spending my money; when you've earned some money yourself, you can waste it as much as you want! also n.

prodigious adj.巨大的，庞大的 marvelous; enormous. Watching the champion weight lifter heave the weighty barbell to shoulder height and then boost it overhead, we marveled at his prodigious strength.

prodigy n.奇迹？神童 marvel; highly gifted child. Menuhin was a prodigy, performing wonders on his violin when he was barely eight years old.

■	profane v.褒渎，玷污 violate; desecrate; treat unworthily. The members of the mysterious Far Eastern cult sought to kill the British explorer because he had profaned the sanctity of their holy goblet by using it as an ashtray, also adj.

• profligate adj.放荡的，不检点的，肆意挥霍的dissipated; wasteful; wildly immoral. Although surrounded by wild and profligate companions, she nevertheless managed to retain some sense of decency.

■	profound adj.深奥的，渊博的，深刻的 deep; not superficial; complete. Freud’s remarkable insights into human behavior caused his fellow scientists to honor him as a profound thinker, profundity, n.

■	profusion n.极丰富;挥霍 overabundance; lavish expenditure; excess. Freddy was so overwhelmed by the profusion of choices on the menu that he knocked over his wine glass and soaked his host. He made profuse apologies to his host, the waiter, the bus boy, the people at the next table, and the attendant handing out paper towels.

progenitor n.祖先，起源 ancestor. The Roth family, whose progenitors emigrated from Germany early in the nineteenth century, settled in Peru, Illinois.

progeny n.子孙，后裔 children; offspring. He was proud of his progeny in general, but regarded George as the most promising of all his children.

prognosis n.预测 forecasted course of a disease; prediction. If the doctor’s prognosis is correct, the patient will be in a coma for at least twenty-four hours.

projectile n.射弹 missile. Man has always hurled projectiles at his enemy, whether in the form of stones or of highly explosive shells.

proletarian n.无产者，工人 member of the working class; blue collar person. "Workers of the world, unite! You have nothing to lose but your chains" is addressed to proletarians, not preppies. So is Blue Collar Holler, proletariat, n.

■	proliferation n.增长，扩展 rapid growth; spread; multiplication. Times of economic hardship inevitably encourage

the proliferation of countless get-rich-quick schemes, proliferate, v.

■ prolific ad J.多产的，丰富的 abundantly fruitful. My editors must assume I’m a prolific writer: they expect me to revise six books this year!

prolixity n.冗长，卩罗唆 tedious wordiness; verbosity. A writer who suffers from prolixity tells his readers everything they never wanted to know about his subject (or were too bored to ask), prolix, adj.

prologue n.序言 introduction (to a poem or play). In the prologue to Romeo and Juliet, Shakespeare introduces the audience to the feud between the Montagues and the Capulets.

prolong v.延长，拖延 make longer; draw out; lengthen. In their determination to discover ways to prolong human life, doctors fail to take into account that longer lives are not always happier ones.

prominent adj.卓越的，显著的 conspicuous; notable; sticking out. Have you ever noticed that Prince Charles's prominent ears make him look like the big-eared character in Macy comics?

promiscuous adj.杂乱的；淫乱的 mixed indiscriminately; haphazard; irregular, particularly sexually. In the opera La Boh台me, we get a picture of the promiscuous life led by the young artists of Paris.

promontory n.海角，山甲 headland. They erected a lighthouse on the promontory to warn approaching ships of their nearness to the shore.

promote v.促进，发扬；提拔 help to flourish; advance in rank; publicize. Founder of the Children's Defense Fund, Marian Wright Edelman ceaselessly promotes the welfare of young people everywhere.
prompt v.提示，促使，（给演员)提白 cause; provoke; provide a cue for an actor. Whatever prompted you to ask for such a big piece of cake when you're on a diet? promulgate v.发布，公布 proclaim a doctrine or law; make known by official publication. When Moses came down from the mountaintop all set to promulgate God’s commandments, he freaked out on discovering his followers worshipping a golden calf.

prone adj.有…倾向的，易于…的 inclined to; prostrate. She was prone to sudden fits of anger during which she would lie prone on the floor, screaming and kicking her heels.

propagate v.繁殖；宣传 multiply; spread. Since bacteria propagate more quickly in unsanitary environments, it is important to keep hospital rooms clean.

propellants n.推进剂，火箭燃料 substances that propel or drive forward. The development of our missile program has forced our scientists to seek more powerful propellants. propensity n.倾向 natural inclination. Convinced of his own talent, Sol has an unfortunate propensity to belittle the talents of others.

prophetic adj.预言的 foretelling the future. I have no magical prophetic powers; when I predict what will happen, I base my predictions on common sense, prophesy, v. propinquity n.相近，令P近 nearness; kinship. Their relationship could not be explained as being based on mere propinquity; they were more than relatives, they were true friends.

propitiate v.劝解 appease. The natives offered sacrifices to propitiate the gods.
Word List 38 propitious-quarry

propitious adj.合适的，有利的 favorable; fortunate; advantageous. Chloe consulted her horoscope to see whether Tuesday would be a propitious day to dump her boyfriend.

proponent n.支持者；拥护者 supporter; backer; opposite of opponent. In the Senate, proponents of the universal health care measure lobbied to gain additional support for the controversial legislation.

propound v.提出，提议 put forth for analysis. In your discussion, you have propounded several questions; let us consider each one separately.

propriety n.适当，得体 fitness; correct conduct. Miss Manners counsels her readers so that they may behave with due propriety in any social situation and not embarrass themselves.

propulsive adj.推进的 driving forward. The jet plane has a greater propulsive power than the engine-driven plane.

prosaic adj.乏味的;事实的 dull and unimaginative; matter-of-fact; factual. Though the ad writers came up with an original way to publicize the product, the head office rejected it for a more prosaic, ordinary slogan, proscribe v.禁止；放逐 ostracize; banish; outlaw. Antony, Octavius, and Lepidus proscribed all those who had conspired against Julius Caesar.
proselytize v.使改宗 convert to a religion or belief. In these interfaith meetings, there must be no attempt to proselytize; we must respect all points of view, prosperity n.幸运;繁荣 good fortune; financial success; physical well-being. Promising to stay together "for richer, for poorer," the newlyweds vowed to be true to one another in prosperity and hardship alike.

prostrate v.倒伏，全身俯卧 stretch out full on ground. He prostrated himself before the idol, also adj. protean adj.变化多端的 versatile; able to take on many shapes. A remarkably protean actor, Alec Guinness could take on any role.

protege n.被保护人 person receiving protection and support from a patron. Born with an independent spirit, Cyrano de Bergerac refused to be a protege of Cardinal Richelieu, protocol n.草案，协议 diplomatic etiquette. We must run this state dinner according to protocol if we are to avoid offending any of our guests.

prototype n.原型；样板 original work used as a model by others. The National Air and Space Museum displays the Wright brothers' first plane, the prototype of all the American aircraft that came after.

protract v.延长 prolong. Seeking to delay the union members* vote, the management team tried to protract the negotiations endlessly.

protrude v.突出 stick out. His fingers protruded from the holes in his gloves, protrusion, n.

protuberance n.瞳起，结节 protrusion; bulge. A ganglionic cyst is a fluid-filled tumor that develops near a joint membrane or tendon sheath, and that bulges beneath the skin, forming a protuberance.

provident adj.目光远大的;节俭的 displaying foresight; thrifty; preparing for emergencies. In his usual provident manner, he had insured himself against this type of loss.

■	provincial adj.省的；偏狭的；守旧的 pertaining to a province; limited in outlook; unsophisticated. As provincial governor, Sir Henry administered the Queen's law in his remote corner of Canada. Caught up in local problems, out of . touch with London news, he became sadly provincial. provisional adj.临时的 tentative. Kim's acceptance as an American Express card holder was provisional: before issuing her a card, American Express wanted to check her employment record and credit history.

provocative ad丄煽动的；刺激的 arousing anger or interest; annoying. In a typically provocative act, the bully kicked sand into the weaker man's face.

provoke v.激怒，挑衅 stir to anger; cause retaliation. In order to prevent a sudden outbreak of hostilities, we must not provoke our foe. provocation, n.; provocative, adj.

prowess n.威力 extraordinary ability; military bravery. Performing triple axels and double lutzes at the age of six, the young figure skater was world famous for her prowess on the ice.

■	proximity n.接近，亲近 nearness. Blind people sometimes develop a compensatory ability to sense the proximity of objects around them.

proxy n.代理人 authorized agent. Please act as my proxy and vote for this slate of candidates in my absence.

prude n.过分拘谨的人 excessively modest person. The X-rated film was definitely not for prudes, prudish, adj.

■	prudent adj.谨慎的 cautious; careful. A miser hoards money not because he is prudent but because he is greedy, prudence, n.

prune v.修剪；删改 cut away; trim. With the help of her editor, she was able to prune her overlong manuscript into publishable form.

prurient adj.好色的，荒淫的 having or causing lustful thoughts and desires. Aroused by his prurient impulses, the dirty old man leered at the sweet young thing and offered to give her a sample of his "prowess."

pseudonym n.假名，箸名 pen name. Samuel Clemens' pseudonym was Mark Twain.

psyche n. 'C?智》灵魂 soul; mind. It is difficult to delve into the psyche of a human being.

pterodactyl n.翼龙 extinct flying reptile. The remains of pterodactyls indicate that these flying reptiles had a wingspan of as much as twenty feet.

puerile ad丄幼稚的，孩子气的 childish; immature. Throwing tantrums! You should have outgrown such puerile behavior years ago.

pugilist n.职业拳击运动员 boxer. The famous pugilist Cassius Clay changed his name to Muhammed Ali.

pugnacity n.女子斗 combativeness; disposition to fight. "Put up your dukes!" he cried, making a fist to show his pugnacity. pugnacious, adj.
pulchritude n.美丽，标致 beauty; comeliness. I do not envy the judges who have to select this year’s Miss America from this collection of female pulchritude.

pulverize v.研磨成粉 crush or grind into dust. Before sprinkling the dried herbs into the stew, Michael first pulverized them into a fine powder.

pummel v.击，打 beat or pound with fists. Swinging wildly, Pam pummeled her brother around the head and shoulders.

punctilious adj.拘泥细节的，谨小慎微的laying stress on niceties of conduct or form; minutely attentive to fine points (perhaps too much so). Percy is punctilious about observing the rules of etiquette whenever Miss Manners invites him to stay, punctiliousness, n.

pundit n.权烕人士；专家 authority on a subject; learned person; expert. Some authors who write about SAT I as if they are pundits actually know very little about the test.

pungent adj.(指气味、味道)刺激性的;尖锐的 stinging; sharp in taste or smell; caustic. The pungent odor of ripe Lim-burger cheese appealed to Simone but made Stanley gag.

punitive adj.惩罚,注白勺 punishing. He asked for punitive measures against the offender.

puny adj.小的，弱的 insignificant; tiny; weak. Our puny efforts to stop the flood were futile.

purchase n.紧握，牢靠地立足于 firm grasp or footing. The mountaineer struggled to get a proper purchase on the slippery rock, (secondary meaning)

purge v.净化，清除 remove or get rid of something unwanted; free from blame or guilt; cleanse or purify. When the Communist government purged the party to get rid of members suspected of capitalist sympathies, they sent the disloyal members to labor camps in Siberia.

purported adj.传说的，谣传的 alleged; claimed; reputed or rumored. The purported Satanists sacrificing live roosters in the park turned out to be a party of Shriners holding a chicken barbecue. •

purse v.皱起；皱缩 pucker; contract into wrinkles. Miss Watson pursed her lips to show her disapproval of Huck’s bedraggled appearance.

purveyor n.承办商，伙食承办商 furnisher of foodstuffs; caterer. As purveyor of rare wines and viands, he traveled through France and Italy every year in search of new products to sell.

pusillanimous adj.懦弱的，优柔寡断的 cowardly; fainthearted. In The Wizard of Oz, Dorothy's friend the Cowardly Lion wishes he were brave and not pusillanimous. putrid adj.腐烂的 foul; rotten; decayed. When we removed the bandage, we could tell from the putrid smell that the wound had turned gangrenous, putrescence, n.

pyromaniac n.放火狂 person with an insane desire to set things on fire. The detectives searched the area for the pyromaniac who had set these costly fires.

quack n.庸医，骗子 charlatan; impostor. Don't let that quacktoo\ you with his extravagant claims; he can't cure you. quadruped n.四足动物 four-footed animal. Most mammals are quadrupeds.

quaff v. 一口气喝干 drink with relish. As we quaffed our ale, we listened to the lively songs of the students in the tavern.

• quagmire n.沼泽，湿地 soft, wet, boggy land; complex or dangerous situation from which it is difficult to free oneself. Up to her knees in mud, Myra wondered how on earth she was going to extricate herself from this quagmire.

quail v.畏惧；沮丧 cower; lose heart. The Cowardly Lion was afraid that he would quail in the face of danger.

quaint adj.离奇有趣的 odd; old-fashioned; picturesque. Her quaint clothes and old-fashioned language marked her as an eccentric.

■ qualified adj.有限制的，有条件的 limited; restricted. Unable to give the candidate full support, the mayor gave him only a qualified endorsement, (secondary meaning)
qualms n.不安，良心责备 misgivings; uneasy fears, especially about matters of conscience. I have no qualms about giving this assignment to Helen; I know she will handle it admirably.

■ quandary n.窘境，进退两难 dilemma. When both Harvard and Stanford accepted Laura, she was in a quandary as to which school she should attend.

quarantine n.检疫，隔离 isolation of person or ship to prevent spread of infection. We will have to place this house under quarantine until we determine the exact nature of the disease, also v.

quarry n.猎物，追求目标 victim; object of a hunt. The police closed in on their quarry.

quarry v.挖出 dig into. They quarried blocks of marble out of the hillside, also n.
Word List 39 quay-recurrent

quay n.码头 dock; landing place. Because of the captain^ carelessness, the ship crashed into the quay.

queasy adj.容易呕吐的，易恶心的easily nauseated; squeamish. Remember that great chase movie, the one with the carsick passenger? That's right: Queasy Riderl

•	quell v.镇压,平息;使安静 extinguish; put down; quiet. Miss Minchin’s demeanor was so stern and forbidding that she could quell any unrest among her students with one intimidating glance.

quench v.熄灭,抑制（欲望），满足 douse or extinguish; assuage or satisfy. No matter how much water the hiker drank, she could not quench her thirst.

•	querulous adj.发牢骚的，暴躁的 fretful; whining. Even the most agreeable toddlers can begin to act querulous if they miss their nap.

query n.质问，疑问 inquiry; question. In her column "Ask Beth," the columnist invites young readers to send her their queries about life and love.

quibble n.吹毛求疵的异议 minor objection or complaint. Aside from a few hundred teensy-weensy quibbles about the set, the script, the actors, the director, the costumes, the lighting, and the props, the hypercritical critic loved the play, also v.

•	quiescent ad丄休止的，休眠的；暂时停止活动的at rest; dormant; temporarily inactive. After the massive eruption, fear of Mount Etna was great; people did not return to cultivate the rich hillside lands until the volcano had been quiescent ^or a full two years, quiescence, n.

quietude n.安静，宁静 tranquility. He was impressed by the air of quietude and peace that pervaded the valley.

quintessence n.精华；典范 purest and highest embodiment. Gandhi maintained that to befriend someone who regards himself as your enemy is the quintessence of true religion.

quip n.讽刺，嘲讽 taunt. You are unpopular because you are too free with your quips and sarcastic comments, also v.

quirk n.急转；未被预料的事件 startling twist; caprice. By a quirk of fate, he found himself working for the man whom he had discharged years before.
quiver v.颤抖，振动 tremble; shake. The bird dog's nose twitched and his whiskers quivered as he strained eagerly against the leash, also n.

quiver n.箭囊 case for arrows. Robin Hood reached back and plucked one last arrow from his quiver, (secondary meaning)

quixotic adj.唐吉诃德式的，狂想家的idealistic but impractical. Constantly coming up with quixotic, unworkable schemes to save the world, Simon has his heart in the right place, but his head somewhere in the clouds.

quizzical adj.戏弄的，揶揄的 teasing; bantering; mocking; curious. When the skinny teenager tripped over his own feet stepping into the bullpen, Coach raised one quizzical eyebrow, shook his head, and said, "Okay, kid. You’re here, let's see what you've got."

quorum n.法定人数 number of members necessary to conduct a meeting. The senator asked for a roll call to determine whether a quorum was present.

rabid adj.疯狂的，狂热的 like a fanatic; furious. He was a rad/'（y follower of the Dodgers and watched them play whenever he could go to the ballpark.

raconteur n.善于讲故事的人 storyteller. My father was a gifted raconteur with an unlimited supply of anecdotes, rail v.责骂，怒斥 scold; rant. You may rail at him all you want; you will never change him.

raiment n.衣月艮，月艮饰 clothing. “How can I go to the ball?" asked Cinderella. "I have no raiment fit to wear."

rally v.集结,给予新力量 call up or summon (forces, vital powers, etc.); revive or recuperate. Washington quickly rallied his troops to fight off the British attack. The patient had been sinking throughout the night, but at dawn she rallied and made a complete recovery.

■ ramble v.漫游 wander aimlessly (physically or mentally). Listening to the teacher ramble, Judy wondered whether he'd ever get to his point.

ramification n.分枝，衍生物 branching out; subdivision. We must examine all the ramifications of this problem.

ramify v.(使)分枝，（使)分叉 divide into branches or subdivisions. When the plant begins to ramify, it is advisable to nip off most of the new branches.

ramp n.斜坡；（飞机的）般梯 si叩e; inclined plane. The house was built with ramps instead of stairs in order to enable the man in the wheelchair to move easily from room to room and floor to floor.

rampant adj.蔓延的，不受限制的 growing in profusion; unrestrained. The rampa门t weeds in the garden choked the flowers until they died.

ramshackle adj.摇摇欲坠的 rickety; falling apart. The boys propped up the ramshackle clubhouse with a couple of boards.

rancid adj.像油脂腐臭味的，腐臭的having the odor of stale fat. The rancid odor filling the ship's galley nauseated the crew.

■	rancor n.深仇，怨'恨 bitterness; hatred. Thirty years after the war, she could not let go of the past but was still consumed with rancor against the foe.

random adj.任意的，随便的 without definite purpose, plan, or aim; haphazard. Although the sponsor of the raffle claimed all winners were chosen at random, people had their suspicions when the grand prize went to the sponsor’s brother-in-law.

rankle v.激怒；使怨恨 irritate; fester. The memory of having been jilted rankled him for years.

•	rant v.咆哮，激昂地说；大声责骂；夸夸其谈rave; talk excitedly; scold; make a grandiloquent speech. When he heard that I’d totaled the family car, Dad began to rant at me like a complete madman.

rapacious adj.贪婪的，掠夺成性的 excessively greedy; predatory. The rapacious brigands stripped the villagers of all their possessions, rapacity, n.

rapport n.彼此友爱的关系，和谐 emotional closeness; harmony. In team teaching, it is important that all teachers in the group have good rapport with one another.

rapt adj.被深深吸引的，着迷的 absorbed; enchanted. Caught up in the wonder of the storyteller's tale, the rapt listeners sat motionless, hanging on his every word, rarefied adj.稀薄的 made less dense [of a gas]. The mountain climbers had difficulty breathing in the rarefied atmosphere, rarefy, v.

raspy adj.刺耳的，焦躁的 grating; harsh. The sergeant's raspy voice grated on the recruits’ ears.

■	ratify v.批准，认可 approve formally; confirm; verify. Party leaders doubted that they had enough votes in both houses of Congress to ratify the constitutional amendment.

ratiocination n.推理，推论 reasoning; act of drawing conclusions from premises. While Watson was a man of average intelligence, Holmes was a genius, whose gift for ratiocination made him a superb detective.

rationale n.基本理论？解释 fundamental reason or justification; grounds for an action. Her need to have someplace to hang her earring collection was Dora's rationale for piercing fifteen holes in each ear.

rationalize v.使合理化；文过饰非 give a plausible reason for an action in place of a true, less admirable one; offer an excuse. When David told gabby Gabrielle he couldn't give her a ride to the dance because he had no room in the car, he was rationalizing., actually, he couldn't stand being cooped up in a car with anyone who talked as much as she did.

•	raucous adj.沙哑（声）的；嘈杂的 harsh and shrill; disorderly and boisterous. The raucous crowd of New Year's
Eve revelers got progressively noisier as midnight drew near.

rave n.过分赞扬，吹捧 overwhelmingly favorable review. Though critic John Simon seldom has a good word to say about most contemporary plays, his review of All in the Timing was a total rave.

ravel v.使混乱；松开,卷入混乱 fall apart into tangles; unravel or untwist; entangle. A single thread pulled loose, and the entire scarf started to ravel.

•	ravenous adj.饿极的 extremely hungry. The ravenous dog upset several garbage pails in its search for food.

•	raze v.夷平，拆毁 destroy completely. Spelling is important: to raise a building is to put it up; to raze a building is to tear it down.

reactionary ad丄反作用的；反动的，保守的recoiling from progress; politically ultraconservative. Opposing the use of English in worship services, reactionary forces in the church fought to reinstate the mass in Latin.

realm n.王国，领域 kingdom; field or sphere. In the animal realm, the lion is the king of beasts.

reaper n.收割者；收割机 one who harvests grain. Death, the Grim Reaper, cuts down mortal men and women, just as a farmer cuts down the ripened grain, reap, v.

rebuff v.回绝，驳斥 snub; beat back. She rebuffed his invitation so smoothly that he did not realize he had been snubbed, also n.

rebuke v.指责，谴责 scold harshly; criticize severely. No matter how sharply Miss Watson rebuked Huck for his misconduct, he never talked back but just stood there like a stump, also n.

■ rebuttal n.辩驳，举反证 refutation; response with contrary evidence. The defense lawyer confidently listened to the prosecutor sum up his case, sure that she could answer his arguments in her rebuttal.

recalcitrant adj.顽抗的，桀鸳不驯的 obstinately stubborn; determined to resist authority; unruly. Which animal do you think is more recalcitrant, a pig or a mule?

•	recant v.撤回，放弃；撤回声明 disclaim or disavow; retract a previous statement; openly confess error. Those who can, keep true to their faith; those who can't, recant. Hoping to make Joan of Arc recant her sworn testimony, her English captors tried to convince her that her visions had been sent to her by the Devil.

recapitulate v.概括，总结 summarize. Let us recapitulate what has been said thus far before going ahead.

recast v.改写,重塑 reconstruct (a sentence, story, etc.); fashion again. Let me recast this sentence in terms your feeble brain can grasp: in words of one syllable, you are a fool.

receptive adj.善于接受的，能接纳的 quick or willing to receive ideas, suggestions, etc. Adventure-loving Huck Finn proved a receptive audience for Tom's tales of buried treasure and piracy.

recession n.撤回，退却；工商业之衰退withdrawal; retreat; time of low economic activity. The slow recession of the flood waters created problems for the crews working to restore power to the area, recede, v.

recidivism n.累 JE，重犯 habitual return to crime. Prison reformers in the United States are disturbed by the high rate of recidivism; the number of men serving second and third

terms in prison indicates the failure of prisons to rehabilitate the inmates.

recipient n.接受者 receiver. Although he had been the recipient of many favors, he was not grateful to his benefactor.	.

reciprocal adj.相互的；互惠的 mutual; exchangeable; interacting. The two nations signed a reciprocal trade agreement.

reciprocate v.回报 repay in kind. If they attack us, we shall be compelled to reciprocate and bomb their territory, reciprocity, n.

■ recluse n.隐遁者 hermit; loner. Disappointed in love, Miss Emily became a recluse., she shut herself away in her empty mansion and refused to see another living soul, reclusive, ADJ.

reconcile v.使符合，使一致；使和解 correct inconsistencies; become friendly after a quarrel. Each month when we try to reconcile our checkbook with the bank statement, we quarrel. However, despite these monthly lovers' quarrels, we always manage to reconcile.

reconnaissance n.侦察，勘察，搜索 survey of enemy by soldiers; reconnoitering. If you encounter any enemy soldiers during your reconnaissance, capture them for questioning.
■	recount v.详细叙述 narrate or tell; count over again. A born storyteller, my father loved to recount anecdotes about his early years in New York.

recourse n.求援，求助 resorting to help when in trouble. The boy's only recourse was to appeal to his father for aid. recrimination n.反责，反控 countercharges. Loud and angry recriminations were her answer to his accusations.

■	rectify v.会i)正，改正 set right; correct. You had better send a check to rectify your account before American Express cancels your credit card.

rectitude n.正直，公正 uprightness; moral virtue; correctness of judgment. The Eagle Scout was a model of rectitude.

recumbent adj.靠着的，斜躺着的 reclining; lying down completely or in part. The command "AT EASE" does not permit you to take a recumbent position.

recuperate v.复原，恢复 recover. The doctors were worried because the patient did not recuperate as rapidly as they had expected.

recurrent adj.复发的，周期性发生的 occurring again and again. Richard's recurrent asthma attacks disturbed us and we consulted a physician.
Word List 40 redolent-rescind

redolent adj.芬芳的 fragrant; odorous; suggestive of an odor. Even though it is February, the air is redolent of spring.

redoubtable adj.可怕的 formidable; causing fear. During the Cold War period, neighboring countries tried not to offend the Russians because they could be redoubtable foes.

redress n.卒卜救，补偿 remedy; compensation. Do you mean to tell me that I can get no redress for my injuries? also v.

■	redundant adj.多余的；累赘的，冗长的 superfluous; repetitious; excessively wordy. The bottle of wine I brought to Bob's was certainly redundant, how was I to know Bob owned a winery? In your essay, you repeat several points unnecessarily; try to be less redundant in the future, redundancy, N.

reek v.发臭S，散发 emit (odor). The room reeked of stale tobacco smoke, also n.

refraction n.折光，折射 bending of a ray of light. When you look at a stick inserted in water, it looks bent because of the refraction of the light by the water.

refractory adj.倔强的，难驾驭的 stubborn; unmanageable. Though his jockey whipped him, the refractory horse stubbornly refused to enter the starting gate.

refrain v.节制，避免；制止 abstain from; resist. Whenever he heard a song with a lively chorus, Sol could never refrain from joining in on the refrain.

refurbish v.创新；刷新，再磨光 renovate; make bright by polishing. The furniture in the lobby was worn, the paint faded; clearly, it was time to refurbish the lobby.

■	refute v.驳斥，驳倒 disprove. The defense called several respectable witnesses who were able to refute the false testimony of the prosecution's sole witness, refutation, n.
regal adj.皇家的，王室的 royal. Prince Albert had a regal manner.

regale v.热情招待，款待 entertain. John regaled us with tales of his adventures in Africa.

regeneration n.重建；再生 renewal or restoration (of a bodily part); spiritual rebirth. Hoping for insights into healing human injuries, biologists study the process of regeneration in lizards that regrow lost tails.

regime n.政体，政权 method or system of government. When the French mention the Old Regime, they refer to the government existing before the revolution.

■^5

regimen n.摄生法，养生法 prescribed diet and habits. I doubt whether the results warrant our living under such a strict regimen.

rehabilitate v.使康复；恢复 restore to proper condition. We must rehabilitate those whom we send to prison.

reimburse v.偿还，偿付 repay. Let me know what you have spent and I will reimburse you.

reiterate v.反复讲，重申 repeat. He reiterated the warning to make sure everyone understood it.

rejoinder n.回答；反驳 retort; comeback; reply. When someone has been rude to me, I find it particularly satisfying to come up with a quick rejoinder.

rejuvenate v.使返老还童，使恢复活力make young again. The charlatan claimed that his elixir would rejuvenate the aged and weary.

■ relegate v.把…降级；托付或分配 banish to an inferior position; delegate; assign. After Ralph dropped his second tray of drinks that week, the manager swiftly relegated him to a minor post cleaning up behind the bar.

relent v.让步 give in. When her stern father would not relent and allow her to marry Robert Browning, Elizabeth Barrett eloped with her suitor, relentless, adj.

relevant adj.相应的，相关联的 pertinent; referring to the case in hand. How relevant Virginia Woolf’s essays are to women writers today! It's as if Woolf in the 1930s foresaw our current literary struggles, relevancy, n.

relic n.遗物，遗迹;纪念物 surviving remnant; memento. Egypt's Department of Antiquities prohibits tourists from taking mummies and other ancient relics out of the country. Mike keeps his photos of his trip to Egypt in a box with other relics of his travels.

relinquish v.放弃，交出 give up something with reluctance; yield. Denise never realized how hard it would be for her to relinquish her newborn son to the care of his adoptive parents. Once you get used to fringe benefits like expense account meals and a company car, it's very hard to relinquish them.

relish v.爱好；喜欢 savor; enjoy. Watching Peter enthusiastically chow down, I thought, "Now there's a man who relishes a good dinner!” also n.

remediable adj.可挽回的 reparable. Let us be grateful that the damage is remediable.

remedial adj.治疗的，杯救的 curative; corrective. Because he was a slow reader, he decided to take a course in remedial reading.

reminiscence n.回忆，怀旧 recollection. Her reminiscences of her experiences are so fascinating that she ought to write a book.

remiss adj.玩忽职守的 negligent. The guard was accused of being remiss in his duty when the prisoner escaped.

• remission n.(负债、处分等的)豁免：（痛苦、紧张等的)缓和 temporary moderation of disease symptoms; cancellation of a debt; forgiveness or pardon. Though the senator had been treated for cancer, his symptoms were in remission, and he was considered fit enough to handle the strains of a presidential race.

remnant n.残余，剩余 remainder. I suggest that you wait until the store places the remnants of these goods on sale, remonstrance n.抗议；规谏 protest; objection. The authorities were deaf to the pastor's remonstrances about the lack of police protection in the area, remonstrate, v.

■	remorse n.懊悔，自责 guilt; self-reproach. The murderer felt no remorse for his crime.

remunerative adj.有报酬的；有利的 compensating; rewarding. I find my new work so remunerative that I may not return to my previous employment, remuneration, n. rend v.扯破，撕碎 split; tear apart. In his grief, he tried to rend his garments, rent, n.	.

render v.呈递；给与；表现 deliver; provide; represent.

He rendered aid to the needy and indigent.

rendition n.翻译；演唱 translation; artistic interpretation

of a song, etc. The audience cheered enthusiastically as

she completed her rendition of the aria.

renegade n.背叛者，变节者 deserter; traitor. Because he

had abandoned his post and joined forces with the Indians,

his fellow officers considered the hero of Dances with

Wolves a renegade, also adj.

renege v.否认；拒绝 deny; go back on. He reneged on paying off his debt.

■	renounce v.放弃，抛弃 abandon; disown; repudiate. Even though she knew she would be burned at the stake as a witch, Joan of Arc refused to renounce her belief that her voices came from God. renunciation, n.
renovate v.革新；®J新 restore to good condition; renew. We renovated our kitchen, replacing the old cabinets and countertop and installing new appliances.

renown n.名望，声誉 fame. For many years an unheralded researcher, Barbara McClintock gained international renown when she won the Nobel Prize in Physiology and Medicine, renowned, adj.

rent n.破口，裂缝 rip; split. Kit did an excellent job of mending the rent in the lining of her coat, reparable adj.可修缮的 capable of being repaired. Fortunately, the damage to our car was reparable, and after two weeks in the shop it looks brand new. reparation n.赔偿，弥补 amends; compensation. At the peace conference, the defeated country promised to pay reparations to the victors.

repast n.膳食；餐，宴 meal; feast; banquet The caterers prepared a delicious repast for Fred and Judy's wedding day.

repeal v.废除，撤消 revoke; annul. What would the effect on our society be if we decriminalized drug use by repealing the laws against the possession and sale of narcotics?

■	repel v.击退；使厌恶 drive away; disgust. At first, the 巳east’s ferocious appearance repelled Beauty, but she came to love the tender heart hidden behind that beastly exterior.

repellent ad丄排斥的；令人反感的 driving away; unattractive. Mosquitoes find the odor so repellent that they leave any spot where this liquid has been sprayed, also n.

repercussion n.弹回；反响，影响 result or impact (of an event, etc.); rebound; reverberation. The brothers' quarrel had serious repercussions, for it led to their estrangement.

repertoire n.(准备好演出的)节目 list of works of music, drama, etc., a performer is prepared to present. The opera company decided to include Madame Butterfly in its repertoire for the following season.

replenish v.再装满 fill up again. Before she could take another backpacking trip, Carla had to replenish her stock of freeze-dried foods.

• replete adj.充分供应的；饱足的 filled to the brim or to the point of bein^g stuffed; abundantly supplied. The movie star's memoir was replete with juicy details about the love life of half of Hollywood.

replica n.复制品 copy. Are you going to hang this replica of the Declaration of Independence in the classroom or in the auditorium?	j

replicate v.重复，复制 reproduce; duplicate. Because he had always wanted a palace, Donald decided to replicate the Taj Mahal in miniature on his estate.

repository n.贮藏室 storehouse. Libraries are repositories of the world's best thoughts.

■	reprehensible adj.应受谴责的 deserving blame. Shocked by the viciousness of the bombing, politicians of every party uniformly condemned the terrorists' reprehensible deed.

repress v.抑制；忍住？镇压 restrain; crush; oppress. Anne's parents tried to curb her impetuosity without repressing her boundless high spirits.

reprieve n.缓刑；暂缓 temporary stay. During the twenty-four-hour reprieve, the lawyers sought to make the stay of execution permanent, also v.

■	reprimand v.严责；惩戒 reprove severely; rebuke. Every time Ermengarde made a mistake in class, she was afraid

that Miss Minchin would reprimand her and tell her father how badly she was doing in school, also n.

reprisal n.报复 retaliation. I am confident that we are ready for any reprisals the enemy may undertake.

reprise n.【音】反复句；反复部分musical repetition; repeat performance; recurrent action. We enjoyed the soprano's solo in Act I so much that we were delighted by its reprise in the finale.

reproach v.责备；谴责 express disapproval or disappointment. He never could do anything wrong without imagining how the look on his mother's face would reproach him afterwards, reproachful, adj.

reprobate n.恶棍，坏蛋 person hardened in sin, devoid of a sense of decency. I cannot understand why he has so many admirers if he is the reprobate you say he is.

■	reprove v.训斥，谴责 censure; rebuke. Though Aunt 巳ea at times had to reprove Opie for inattention in church, she believed he was at heart a God-fearing lad.

■	repudiate v.拒绝,断绝关系 disown; disavow. On separating from Tony, Tina announced that she would repudiate all debts incurred by her soon-to-be ex-husband.
•	repugnant adj.令人讨厌的 loathsome; hateful. Whereas some people like earthworms, others find them repugnant and view them with disgust.

repulsion n.排斥,严拒 distaste; act of driving back. Hating bloodshed, she viewed war with repulsion. Even defensive battles distressed her, for the repulsion of enemy forces is never accomplished bloodlessly.

reputable adj.名誉好的 respectable. If you want to buy antiques, look for a reputable dealer; far too many dealers today pass off fakes as genuine antiques.

reputed adj.假定的，假想的 supposed. Though he is the reputed father of the child, no one can be sure, repute, n. requiem n.弥撒；安魂曲 mass for the dead; dirge. They played Mozart’s Requiem at the funeral.

requisite n.必需品 necessary requirement. Many colleges state that a student must offer three years of a language as a requisite for admission.

requite v.报答，酬谢 repay; revenge. The wretch requited his benefactors by betraying them.

•	rescind v.废除 cancel. Because of the public outcry against the new taxes, the senator proposed a bill to rescind the unpopular financial measure.
Word List 41 resentment-sacrosanct

resentment n.怨恨，indignation; bitterness; displeasure. Not wanting to appear a sore loser, Bill tried to hide his resentment of Barry's success.

■	reserve n.保守!矜持 self-control; formal but distant manner. Although some girls were attracted by Mark's air of reserve, Judy was put off by it, for she felt his aloofness indicated a lack of openness, reserved, adj.

residue n.残余，渣滓；剩余遗产 remainder; balance. In his will, he requested that after payment of debts, taxes, and funeral expenses, the residue be given to his wife, residual, adj.

■	resigned adj.顺从的，听天由命的；能容忍的accepting one's fate; unresisting; patiently submissive. Resigned to his downtrodden existence, Bob Cratchit was too meek to protest Scrooge's bullying, resignation, n.

resilient adj.弹性的，有回弹力的 elastic; having the power of springing back. Highly resilient, steel makes excellent bedsprings. resilience, n.

■	resolution n.坚定，决心 determination; resolve. Nothing could shake his resolution that his children would get the best education that money could buy. resolute, adj.

■	resolve n.决心，决定 determination; firmness of purpose. How dare you question my resolve to take up sky-diving! Of course I haven't changed my mind!

resolve v.决定，解决 decide; settle; solve. Holmes resolved to travel to Bohemia to resolve the dispute between Irene Adler and the king.

resonant adj.共鸣的；深沉的：洪亮的 echoing; resounding； deep and full in sound. The deep, resonant voice of the actor James Earl Jones makes him particularly effective when he appears on stage.

respiration n.呼吸，呼吸作用 breathing; exhalation. The doctor found that the patient's years of smoking had
adversely affected both his lung capacity and his rate of respiration.

• respite n.延期，暂缓；缓刑 interval of relief; time for rest; delay in punishment. After working nonstop on this project for three straight months, I need a respite^. For David, the two weeks vacationing in New Zealand were a delightful respite from the pressures of his job.

參 resplendent adj.辉煌的，灿烂的 dazzling; glorious; brilliant. While all the adults were commenting how glorious the emperor looked in his resplendent new clothes, one little boy was heard to say, "But he's naked!"

responsiveness n.应答（性），反应（性）state of reacting readily to appeals, orders, etc. The audience cheered and applauded, delighting the performers by its responsiveness.

restitution n.归还》赔偿；修复 reparation; indemnification. He offered to make restitution for the window broken by his son.

restive adj.不安宁的；难驾驭的；不听话的restlessly impatient; obstinately resisting control. Waiting impatiently in line to see Santa Claus, even the best-behaved children grow restive and start to fidget.

■ restraint n.克制；限制；约束 moderation or self-control; controlling force; restriction. Control yourself, young lady! Show some restraint

resumption n.重新开始，继续 taking up again; recommencement. During summer break, Don had not realized how much he missed university life; at the resumption of classes, however, he felt marked excitement and pleasure, resume, v.

resurge v.复活，苏醒 rise again; flow to and fro. It was startling to see the spirit of nationalism resurge as the Soviet Union disintegrated into a loose federation of ethnic and national groups, resurgence, n.

retain v.保留，保住 keep; employ. Fighting to retain his seat in Congress, Senator Foghorn retained a new manager to head his reelection campaign.

retaliation n.报复，报仇 repayment in kind (usually for bad treatment). Because everyone knew the Princeton Band had stolen Brown's mascot, the whole Princeton student body expected some sort of retaliation from Brown, retaliate, v.

retentive adj.有保持力的；记忆力强的able to retain or keep; able to remember. Priding herself on her retentive memory, she claimed she never forgot a face.

■	reticence n.保留；沉默寡言 reserve; uncommunicativeness; inclination to silence. Fearing his competitors might get advance word about his plans from talkative staff members, Hughes preferred reticence from his employees to loquacity, reticent, adj.

retinue n.随员，侍从 following; attendants. The queen's retinue followed her down the aisle.

retiring adj.缄默的，不爱交际的 modest; shy. Given Susan's retiring personality, no one expected her to take up public speaking; surprisingly enough, she became a star of the school debate team.

retort n.回嘴；反驳 quick sharp reply. Even when it was advisable for her to keep her mouth shut, she was always ready with a quick retort, also v.

■	retract v.缩进；收回 withdraw; take back. When I saw how Fred and his fraternity brothers had trashed the frat house, I decided to retract my offer to let them use our summer cottage for the weekend, retraction, n.

retrench v.紧缩，节约 cut down; economize. In order to be able to afford to send their children to college, they would have to retrench, retrenchment, n.

retribution n.报应，报酬；惩罚 vengeance; compensation; punishment for offenses. The evangelist maintained that an angry deity would exact retribution from the sinners.

retrieve v.恢复；取回;找回 recover; find and bring in. The dog was intelligent and quickly learned to retrieve the game killed by the hunter.

retroactive adj.有追溯效力的 taking effect before its enactment (as a law) or imposition (as a tax). Because the new pension law was retroactive to the first of the year, even though Martha had retired in February she was eligible for the pension.

retrograde v.倒退，退化 go backwards; degenerate, instead of advancing, our civilization seems to have retrograded in ethics and culture, also adj.

retrospective adj.回顾的 looking back on the past. The Museum of Graphic Arts is holding a retrospective showing of the paintings of Michael Whelan over the past two decades.

revelry n.狂欢 boisterous merrymaking. New Year's Eve is a night of revelry.

■	reverent adj.尊敬的，虔诚的 respectful; worshipful. Though I bow my head in church and recite the prayers, sometimes I don't feel properly reverent, revere, v.

reverie n.幻想，白日梦 daydream; musing. He was awakened from his reverie by the teacher's question.

revert v.回复,恢复 relapse; backslide; turn back to. Most of the time Andy seemed sensitive and mature, but occasionally he would revert to his smart-alecky, macho, adolescent self.
revile v.辱骂，斥责 attack with abusive language; vilify. Though most of his contemporaries reviled Captain Kidd as a notorious, bloody-handed pirate, some of his fellow merchant-captains believed him innocent of his alleged crimes.

revoke v.撤回，废除；吊销 cancel; retract. Repeat offenders who continue to drive under the influence of alcohol face having their driver's licenses permanently revoked.

revulsion n.感情急变，急剧反应 sudden violent change of feeling; reaction. Many people in this country who admired dictatorships underwent a revulsion when they realized what Hitler and Mussolini were trying to do. rhapsodize v.狂热地描述 to speak or write in an exaggeratedly enthusiastic manner. She greatly enjoyed her Hawaiian vacation and rhapsodized about it for weeks.

rhetoric n.修辞学;花言巧语 art of effective communication; insincere language. All writers, by necessity, must be skilled in rhetoric.

■	rhetorical adj.修辞学的；华丽的，浮夸的pertaining to effective communication; insincere in language. To win his audience, the speaker used every rhetorical trick in the book.

ribald adj.下流的；粗鄙的 wanton; profane. He sang a ribald song that offended many of the more prudish listeners.

riddle v.打洞，穿孑L;筛 pierce with holes; permeate or spread throughout. With his machine gun, Tracy riddled the car with bullets till it looked like a slice of Swiss cheese. During the proofreaders' strike, the newspaper was riddled with typos.

rider n.附文；附件 amendment or clause added to a legislative bill. Senator Foghorn said he would support Senator Filibuster's tax reform bill only if Filibuster agreed to add an antipollution rider to the bill.

rife adj.充满…的;流行的，普遍的abundant; current.

Discontent was rife among the early settlers, who had not

foreseen the harshness of life in the New World.

rift n.裂缝，裂口 opening; break. The plane was lost in

the stormy sky until the pilot saw the city through a rift in the

clouds.

rig v.装配；操纵 fix or manipulate. The ward boss was able to rig the election by bribing people to stuff the ballot boxes with ballots marked in his candidate's favor.

rigid adj.坚决的；严格的：坚硬的 stiff and unyielding; strict; hard and unbending. By living with a man to whom she was not married, George Eliot broke Victorian society's most rigid rule of respectable behavior.

■	rigor n.严格，严酷 severity. Many settlers could not stand the rigors of the New England winters.

rigorous adj.严格的，严厉的，严酷的severe; harsh; demanding; exact. Disliked by his superiors, the officer candidate in An Officer and a Gentleman endured an extremely rigorous training program.

rile v.激怒，使恼怒 vex; irritate; muddy. Red had a hair-trigger temper: he was an easy man to rile.

riveting adj.吸引人的，极有趣的 absorbing; engrossing. The reviewer described 巳yatt's novel Possession as a riveting tale, one so absorbing that he had finished it in a single night.

rivulet n.小河，小溪 small stream. As the rains continued, the small trickle of water running down the hillside

grew into a rivulet that threatened to wash away a portion of the slope.

■ robust adj.精力充沛的；强壮的 vigorous; strong. After pumping iron and taking karate for six months, the little old lady was so robust that she could break a plank with her fist.

roil v.搅浑，使…浑浊 to make liquids murky by stirring up sediment. Be careful when you pour not to roil the wine; if you stir up the sediment you'll destroy the flavor, roster n.名簿，花名册 list. They print the roster of players in the season’s program.

rostrum n.讲坛，演讲坛 platform for speech-making; pulpit. The crowd murmured angrily and indicated that they did not care to listen to the speaker who was approaching the rostrum.

rote n.死记硬背 repetition. He recited the passage by rote and gave no indication he understood what he was saying.

rotundity n.圆形（物）；（声音的）洪亮 roundness; sonorousness of speech. Short, squat, and round as a bowling ball, he was the very model of rotundity.

rousing adj.热烈的，鼓舞人的，活跃的lively; stirring. “And now, let's have a rousing welcome for TV’s own Roseanne Barr, who'll lead us in a rousing rendition of 'The Star-Spangled Banner."’

rout v.打败；击溃 stampede; drive out. The reinforcements were able to rout the enemy, also n.

rubble n.碎石；瓦烁 broken fragments. Ten years after World War II, some of the rubble left by enemy bombings could still be seen.

ruddy adj.红的，红润的 reddish; healthy-looking. Santa Claus’s ruddy cheeks nicely complement Rudolph the Reindeer's bright red nose.

rudimentary adj.未充分发展的；基本的；初步的not developed; elementary; crude. Although my grandmother's
English vocabulary was limited to a few rudimentary phrases, she always could make herself understood.

rue v.后悔，悲伤，懊悔 regret; lament; mourn. Tina rued the night she met Tony and wondered how she ever fell for such a jerk, rueful, adj.

ruffian n.流氓，恶棍 bully; scoundrel. The ruffians threw stones at the police.

ruminate v.反当；沉思 chew over and over (mentally, or, like cows, physically); mull over; ponder. Unable to digest quickly the baffling events of the day, Reuben ruminated about them till four in the morning.

rummage v.到处翻寻，检查 ransack; thoroughly search. When we rummaged through the trunks in the attic, we found many souvenirs of our childhood days, also n. ruse n.计谋,策略 trick; stratagem. You will not be able to fool your friends with such an obvious ruse.

rustic adj.乡下的；粗俗的 pertaining to country people; uncouth. The backwoodsman looked out of place in his rustic attire.

ruthless ad丄无情的,残忍的 pitiless; cruel. Captain Hook was a dangerous, ruthless villain who would stop at nothing to destroy Peter Pan.

saboteur n.从事破坏活动者，怠工者one who commits sabotage; destroyer of property. Members of the Resistance acted as saboteurs, blowing up train lines to prevent supplies from reaching the Nazi army.

saccharine adj.极甜的（尤作贬义）；讨好的，奉承的 cloyingly sweet. She tried to ingratiate herself, speaking sweetly and smiling a saccharine smile.

sacrilegious adj.亵渎的，该受天谴的 desecrating; profane. His stealing of the altar cloth was a very sacrilegious act.

sacrosanct adj.极神圣的；不可侵犯的 most sacred; inviolable. The brash insurance salesman invaded the sacrosanct privacy of the office of the president of the company.
Word List 42 sadistic-sentinel

sadistic adj.残酷成性的 inclined to cruelty. If we are to improve conditions in this prison, we must first get rid of the sadistic warden.

saga n.英雄传奇 Scandinavian myth; any legend. This is a saga of the sea and the men who risk their lives on it.

sagacious adj.有洞察力的；精明的！有远见的perceptive; shrewd; having insight. My father was a sagacious judge of character: he could spot a phony a mile away, sagacity, n.

■ sage n.圣人 person celebrated for wisdom. Hearing tales of a mysterious Master of All Knowledge who lived in the hills of Tibet, Sandy was possessed with a burning desire to consult the legendary sage, also adj.

salacious adj.猥亵的，好色的 lascivious; lustful. Chaucer's monk is not pious but salacious, a teller of lewd tales and ribald jests.

salient adj.显著的;突出的；跳跃的 protruding; strikingly conspicuous; jumping. Good readers quickly grasp the salient and significant points of a passage; indeed, the ideas almost leap out at them, demanding their attention.
salubrious adj.有益健康的 promoting good health; healthful. The health resort advertised the salubrious properties of the waters of its famous hot springs.

salutary adj.有益的 tending to improve; beneficial; wholesome. The punishment had a salutary effect on the boy, as he became a model student.

salvage v.抢救，营救 rescue from loss. All attempts to salvage the wrecked ship failed, also n. salvo n.(火炮）齐射，（礼炮）齐鸣 discharge of firearms; military salute. The boom of the enemy's opening salvo made the petrified private jump.

sanctimonious adj.假装神圣的 falsely holy; feigning piety. Mark Twain mocked pious hypocrites, calling one a sanctimonious old iceberg who looked like he was waiting for a vacancy in the Trinity.

■ sanction v.批准，同意 approve; ratify. Nothing will convince me to sanction the engagement of my daughter to such a worthless young man.

sanctuary n.避难所，庇护所；圣堂 refuge; shelter; shrine; holy place. The tiny attic was Helen's sanctuary to which she fled when she had to get away from the rest of her family.

sanguine ad J.乐观的；有望的 cheerful; hopeful. Let’s not be too sanguine about the outcome of the election; we may still lose.

sap v.逐渐消耗;破坏 diminish; undermine. The element kryptonite has an unhealthy effect on Superman: it saps his strength.

sarcasm n.挖苦，讽刺 scornful remarks; stinging rebuke. Though Ralph pretended to ignore the mocking comments of his supposed friends, their sarcasm wounded him deeply.

sardonic adj.讽刺的 cynically mocking; sarcastic. Dorothy Parker's wry couplet, “Men seldom make passes at girls who wear glasses," epitomizes her sardonic wit. sartorial adj.裁缝的，缝纫的 pertaining to tailors. GQ Magazine provides sartorial advice for the not-so-well-dressed man.

sate v.充分满足，使饱享 satisfy to the full; cloy. Its hunger sated, the lion dozed.

satellite n.人造卫星 small body revolving around a larger one. During the first few years of the Space Age, hundreds of satellites were launched by Russia and the United States.

satiate v.满使饱享 satisfy fully. Having stuffed themselves until they were satiated, the guests were so full they were ready for a nap.

satire n.讽刺文学，讽刺 form of literature in which irony, sarcasm, and ridicule are employed to attack vice and folly. Gulliver's Travels, which is regarded by many as a tale for children, is actually a bitter satire attacking man’s folly.

醒 satirical adj.挖苦的，讽刺的 mocking. The humor of cartoonist Gary Trudeau often is satirical; through the comments of the Doonesbury characters, Trudeau ridicules political corruption and folly.

■ saturate v.浸透，使充满 soak thoroughly. Saturate your sponge with water until it can't hold any more, saturnine adj.阴沉的，忧郁的 gloomy. Do not be misled by his saturnine countenance; he is not as gloomy as he looks.

saunter v.闲逛，漫步 stroll slowly. As we sauntered through the park, we stopped frequently to admire the spring flowers.

savant n.学者；专家 learned scholar. Despite all her academic honors, Dr. Diamond disliked being classed as a savant, considering herself a simple researcher, she refused to describe herself in such grandiose terms.

savor v.品尝，享受；有…的滋味或气味enjoy; have a distinctive flavor, smell, or quality. Relishing his triumph, the actor especially savored the chagrin of the critics who had predicted his failure.

• savory ad丄风味极佳的，可口的；悦人的；有益身心的 tasty; pleasing, attractive, or agreeable. Julia Child's recipes enable amateur chefs to create savory delicacies for their guests.

scabbard n.鞘，剑鞘 case for a sword blade; sheath. The drill master told the recruit to wipe the blood from his sword before slipping it back into the scabbard.

scad n.许多，大量 a great quantity. Refusing Dave's offer to lend him a shirt, Phil replied, "No, thanks, I've got scads of clothes."

scaffold n.台架；脚手架；绞刑台 temporary platform for workers; bracing framework; platform for execution. Before
painting the house, the workers put up a scaffold to allow them to work on the second story.

scale v.攀登 climb up; ascend. In order to locate a book on the top shelf of the stacks, Lee had to scale an exceptionally rickety ladder.

scamp n.流氓 rascal. Despite his mischievous behavior, Malcolm was such an engaging scamp that his mother almost lacked the heart to punish him.

■	scanty adj.缺乏的，不足的 meager; insufficient. Thinking his helping of food was scanty, Oliver Twist asked for more, scapegoat n.替罪羊 someone who bears the blame for others. After the Challenger disaster, NASA searched for scapegoats on whom they could cast the blame.

scavenge v.从废物中提取（有用物质）；以（腐肉）为食 hunt through discarded materials for usable items; search, especially for food. If you need car parts that the dealers no longer stock, try scavenging for odd bits and pieces at the auto wreckers' yards, scavenger, n.

scenario n.方案；电影剧本；歌剧脚本plot outline; screenplay; opera libretto. Scaramouche startled the other actors in the commedia troupe when he suddenly departed from their customary scenario and began to improvise.

schematic adj.图表的，图解的 relating to an outline or diagram; using a system of symbols. In working out the solution to this logic puzzle, you may find it helpful to construct a simple schematic diagram outlining the order of events.

schism n.分裂，不和 division; split. His reforms led to a schism in the church and the establishment of a new sect opposing the old order.

scintillate v.发出火花，闪耀光芒 sparkle; flash. I enjoy her dinner parties because the food is excellent and the conversation scintillates.

scoff v.嘲笑，嘲弄 mock; ridicule. He scoffed at dentists until he had his first toothache.

scourge n.苦难的根源；惩罚；鞭笞 cause of widespread devastation; severe punishment; whip. Abraham Lincoln wrote, "Fondly do we hope, fervently do we pray, that this mighty scourge of war speedily may pass away." also v. scruple v.踌躇，犹豫 fret about; hesitate, for ethical reasons. Fearing that her husband had become involved in an affair, she did not scruple to read his diary, also n.

■	scrupulous adj.小心谨慎的，严格认真的conscientious; extremely thorough. Though Alfred is scrupulous in fulfilling his duties at work, he is less conscientious about his obligations to his family and friends.

■	scrutinize v.细察 examine closely and critically. Searching for flaws, the sergeant scrutinized every detail of the private's uniform.-

scuffle v.混战;扭打，打斗 struggle confusedly; move off in a confused hurry. The twins briefly scuffled, wrestling to see which of them would get the toy. When their big brother yelled, "Let go of my Gameboy!” they scuffled off down the hall.

scurrilous adj.下'流的，卑鄙白勺 vulgar; coarse; foulmouthed; obscene. Politicians often face scurrilous attacks from angry constituents.

scurry v.急赶，用小而快的步子跑move briskly. The White Rabbit had to scurry to get to his appointment on time.

scurvy adj.可悲的；卑鄙的 despicable; contemptible.

Peter Pan sneered at Captain Hook and his scurvy crew, scuttle v.倉、赶，急、跑 scurry; run with short, rapid steps. The bug scuttled rapidly across the floor.

scuttle v.故意将(船)弄沉 sink. The sailors decided to scuttle their vessel rather than surrender it to the enemy, seamy ad丄丑恶的 sordid; unwholesome. In The Godfather, Michael Corleone is unwilling to expose his wife and children to the seamy side of his life as the son of a Mafia don.	-

sear v.烧焦，灼伤 char or burn; brand. Accidentally brushing against the hot grill, she seared her hand badly, seasoned adj.经验丰富的 experienced. Though pleased with her new batch of rookies, the basketball coach wished she had a few more seasoned players on the team, secession n.脱离 withdrawal. The secession of the Southern states provided Lincoln with his first major problem after his inauguration, secede, v.

■ seclusion n.隔离；隐居 isolation; solitude. One moment she loved crowds; the next, she sought seclusion, seclude, v. secrete v.隐藏，隐匿；分泌 hide away; produce and release a substance into an organism. The pack rat secretes odds and ends in its nest; the pancreas secretes insulin in the islets of Langerhans.

sect n.宗派，教派 separate religious body; faction. As university chaplain, she sought to address universal religious issues and not limit herself to concerns of any one sect.

sectarian adj.宗派的，派系的；思想狭隘的relating to a religious faction or subgroup; narrow-minded; limited. Far from being broad-minded, the religious leader was intolerant of new ideas, paying attention only to purely sectarian interests, sect. n.

secular adj.现世的，世俗的 worldly; not pertaining to church matters; temporal. The church leaders decided not to interfere in secular matters.

sedate ad丄镇静的，稳重的 calm and composed; dignified. To calm the agitated pony, we teamed him with a sedate mare who easily accepted the harness.

• sedentary ad丄久坐的，坐惯的 requiring sitting. Sitting all
day at the computer, Sharon grew to resent the sedentary nature of her job.

sedition n.叛乱；煽动暴乱，骚乱 resistance to authority; insubordination. His words, though not treasonous in themselves, were calculated to arouse thoughts of sedition.

sedulous adj.勤勉的 i 孜孜不倦的 diligent; hardworking. After weeks of patient and sedulous labor, we completed our detailed analysis of every published SAT examination.

seedy adj.破旧的，褴褛的，不适的 run-down; decrepit; disreputable. I would rather stay in dormitory lodgings in a decent youth hostel than have a room of my own in a seedy downtown hotel.

seemly adj.适宜的 proper; appropriate. Lady Bracknell did not think it was seemly for Ernest to lack a proper family: no baby abandoned on a doorstep could grow up to be a fit match for her daughter.

seep v.渗出，渗漏 ooze; trickle. During the rainstorm, water seeped through the crack in the basement wall and damaged the floor boards, seepage, n.

seethe v.沸腾，激动 be disturbed; boil. The nation was seething with discontent as the noblemen continued their arrogant ways.

seismic adj.地震的 pertaining to earthquakes. The Richter scale is a measurement of seismic disturbances.

seminary n.神学院，学院(尤指私立女校或学院）school for training future ministers; academy for young women. Sure of his priestly vocation, Terrence planned to pursue his theological training at the local Roman Catholic seminary.

sensual adj.肉欲的，世俗的 devoted to the pleasures of the senses; carnal; voluptuous. Giving in to his sensual appetites, he sampled the carnal delights of the fleshpots.

sententious adj.简洁的，警句的 terse; concise; aphoristic. After reading so many redundant speeches, I find his sententious style particularly pleasing.

sentinel n.岗哨，看守;哨兵 sentry; lookout. Though camped in enemy territory, Bledsoe ignored the elementary precaution of posting sentinels around the encampment.
Word List 43 sequester-solvent

sequester v.使隔绝；隐遁；使分离 isolate; retire from public life; segregate; seclude. Banished from his kingdom, the wizard Prospero sequestered himself on a desert island. To prevent the jurors from hearing news broadcasts about the case, the judge decided to sequester the jury, serendipity n.易发现珍宝的天赋或运气gift for finding valuable or desirable things by accident; accidental good fortune or luck. Many scientific discoveries are a matter of serendipity: Newton was not sitting under a tree thinking about gravity when the apple dropped on his head, serenity n.平静 calmness; placidity. The sound of air raid sirens pierced the serenity of the quiet village of Pearl Harbor.

serpentine adj.蜿概的 winding; twisting. The car swerved at every curve in the serpentine road.

serrated adj.锯齿状的，有锯齿的 having a sawtoothed edge. I cut my finger on the serrated edge of the bread knife.
■ servile adj.奴性的；卑屈的 slavish; cringing. Constantly fawning on his employer, humble Uriah Heap was a servile creature.

servitude n.奴役；劳役 slavery; compulsory labor. Born a slave, Frederick Douglass resented his life of servitude and plotted to escape to the North.

sever v.切断，分开 cut; separate. The released prisoner wanted to begin a new life and sever all connections with his criminal past. Dr. Guillotin invented a machine that could neatly sever an aristocratic head from its equally aristocratic body. Unfortunately, he couldn't collect any severance pay. severance, n.

severity n.严肃，严格，严重 harshness; intensity; sternness; austerity. The severity of Jane's migraine attack was so great that she took to her bed for a week.

shackle v.束缚；接桔 chain; fetter. In a chain gang, convicts are shackled together to prevent their escape, also n.

sham v.佯装 pretend. He shammed sickness to get out of going to school, also n.

shambles n.混乱，废墟 wreck; mess. After the hurricane, the Carolina coast was a shambles. After the New Year's Eve party, the apartment was a shambles.

shard n.碎陶瓷（瓦）片 fragment, generally of pottery. The archaeologist assigned several students the task of reassembling earthenware vessels from the shards he had brought back from the expedition.

sheaf n.麦捆；捆 bundle of stalks of grain; any bundle of things tied together. The lawyer picked up a sheaf of papers as he rose to question the witness.

shear v.束剪，修剪，剪切 cut or clip (hair, fleece); strip of something. You may not care to cut a sheep's hair, but Sarah shears sheep for Little Bo Peep.

sheathe v.插人鞘 place into a case. As soon as he recognized the approaching men, he sheathed his dagger and hailed them as friends.

sheer ad丄透明的；峻峭的；绝对的 very thin or transparent; very steep; absolute. Wearing nothing but an almost sheer robe, Delilah draped herself against the sheer temple wall. Beholding her, Samson was overcome by her sheer beauty. Then she sheared his hair.

shimmer v.发闪烁之微光 glimmer intermittently. The moonlight shimmered on the water as the moon broke through the clouds for a moment, also n.

shirk v.逃避，推卸 avoid (responsibility, work, etc.); malinger. Brian has a strong sense of duty; he would never shirk any responsibility.

shoddy adj.劣质的；廉价的 inferior; trashy; cheap. Grumbling, "They don’t make things the way they used to/’ Grandpa complained about the shoddy workmanship nowadays.

shrewd adj.机灵的，精明的 clever; astute. A shrewd investor, he took clever advantage of the fluctuations of the stock market.

shroud v.遮蔽，隐藏；用裹尸布裹hide from view; wrap for burial. Fog shrouded Dracula's castle, hiding the ruined tower beneath sheets of mist.

shun v.避开，躲避 keep away from. Cherishing his solitude, the recluse shunned the company of other human beings.

shyster n.不择手段的律师；奸诈的人lawyer using questionable methods. On L.A. Law, Brackman was horrified to learn that his newly-discovered half brother was nothing but a cheap shyster.

sibling n.兄弟姐妹；同胞 brother or sister. We may not enjoy being siblings, but we cannot forget that we still belong to the same family.

simian adj.类人猿的；猿猴的 monkeylike. Lemurs are nocturnal mammals and have many simian characteristics, although they are less intelligent than monkeys, simile n.明喻 comparison of one thing with another, using the word like or as. “My love is like a red, red rose" is a simile.

simper v.假笑；痴笑 smirk; smile affectedly. Complimented on her appearance, Stella self-consciously simpered.

simplistic adj.过分单纯化的 oversimplified. Though Jack's solution dealt adequately with one aspect of the problem, it
was simplistic in failing to consider various complications that might arise.

simulate v.假装，模仿 feign. He simulated insanity in order to avoid punishment for his crime.

sinecure n.挂名职务，闲职 well-paid position with little responsibility. My job is no sinecure; I work long hours and 'have much responsibility.

sinewy adj.坚籾的，强壮有力的 tough; strong and firm. The steak was too sinewy to chew.

singular adj.独特的，非凡的，异常的 unique; extraordinary; odd. Though the young man tried to understand Father William's singular behavior, he still found it odd that the old man incessantly stood on his head, singularity, n.

sinister adj.邪恶的；不祥的 evil; conveying a sense of ill omen. Aware of the Penguin's sinister purpose, Batman wondered how he could save Gotham City from the ravages of his evil enemy.

sinuous adj.蜿蜒的；错综复杂的；不老实的winding; bending in and out; not morally honest. The snake moved in a sinuous manner.

■ skeptic n.怀疑论者 doubter; person who suspends judgment until the evidence supporting a point of view has been examined. I am a skeptic about the new health plan; I want some proof that it can work, skepticism, n.

skiff n.小船，单人小艇 small, light sailboat or rowboat. Tom dreamed of owning an ocean-going yacht but had to settle for a skiffle could sail in the bay.

skimp v.少给，克扣,节约使用 provide scantily; live very economically. They were forced to skimp on necessities in order to make their limited supplies last the winter.

skinflint n.吝啬鬼 stingy person; miser. Scrooge was an ungenerous old skinflint until he reformed his ways and became a notable philanthropist.

skirmish n. /J、冲突 minor fight. Custer's troops expected they might run into a skirmish or two on maneuvers; they did not expect to face a major battle, also v.

skulk v.偷偷隐躲，藏匿 move furtively and secretly. He skulked through the less fashionable sections of the city in order to avoid meeting any of his former friends, slacken v.放慢，松弛 slow up; loosen. As they passed the finish line, the runners slackened their pace.

slag n.炉渣，矿渣 residue from smelting metal; dross; waste matter. The blast furnace had a special opening at the bottom to allow the workers to remove the worthless slag.

slake v.消除，抑制，解渴 quench; sate. When we reached the oasis, we were able to slake our thirst, slander n.诽谤 defamation; utterance of false and malicious statements. Considering the negative comments politicians make about each other, it's a wonder that more of them aren't sued for slander, also v.

slapdash adj.草率的；匆促的 haphazard; careless; sloppy. From the number of typos and misspellings I've found in it, it’s clear that Mario proofread the report in a remarkably slapdash fashion.

sleeper n.长期不受人注意而一举受人瞩目的人或物something originally of little value or importance that in time becomes very valuable. Unnoticed by the critics at its publication, the eventual Pulitzer Prize winner was a classic sleeper.

sleight n.技巧；戏法 dexterity. The magician amazed the audience with his sleight of hand.

slight n.轻蔑；怠慢 insult to one's dignity; snub. Hypersensitive and ready to take offense at any discourtesy, Bertha was always on the lookout for real or imaginary slights, also v.

slipshod ad J.不整饰的；懒散的；草率的untidy or slovenly; shabby. As a master craftsman, the carpenter prided himself on not doing slipshod work.

slither v.滑动；不稳地滑行 slip or slide. During the recent ice storm, many people slithered down this hill as they walked to the station.

slothful ad J.偷懒的 lazy. Lying idly on the sofa while others worked, Reggie denied he was slothful: "I just supervise better lying down.”

slough v.脱落 cast off. Each spring, the snake sloughs off its skin.

slovenly adj.不修边幅的，懒散的 untidy; careless in work habits. Unshaven, sitting around in his bathrobe all afternoon, Gus didn't seem to care about the slovenly appearance he presented. The dark ring around the bathtub and the spider webs hanging from the beams proved what a slovenly housekeeper she was.

sluggard n.偷懒者，游手好闲的人 lazy person. Someone who leaps happily out of bed first thing in the morning and cheerfully sets off to work is no sluggard.

■ sluggish adj.行动迟缓的，懒散的 slow; lazy; lethargic. After two nights without sleep, she felt sluggish and incapable of exertion.

slur v.含糊不清地讲 speak indistinctly; mumble. When Sol has too much to drink, he starts to slur his words: "Washamatter? Cansh you undershtand what I shay?" slur n.诽谤,中伤 insult to one's character or reputation; slander. Polls revealed that the front-runner's standing had been badly damaged by the slurs and innuendoes circulated by his opponent's staff, also v. (secondary meaning) smelt v.熔解（矿石）；熔炼(矿石)melt or blend ores, changing their chemical composition. The fumaceman smelts tin with copper to create a special alloy used in making bells.

smirk n.得意的笑 conceited smile. Wipe that smirk off your face! also v.

smolder v.闷烧，郁积 burn without flame; be liable to break out at any moment. The rags smoldered for hours before they burst into flame.

snicker n.窃笑 half-stifled laugh. The boy could not suppress a snicker 他en the teacher sat on the tack, also v. snivel v.流鼻涕f 啜泣，哭诉 r*un at the nose; snuffle;
whine. Don't you come sniveling to me complaining about your big brother.

sobriety n.清醒•严肃;冷静 moderation (especially regarding indulgence in alcohol); seriousness. Neither falling-down drunks nor stand-up comics are noted for sobriety, sober, adj.

sodden ad」.浸透的；（因沉迷于酒而）呆头呆脑的，麻木的 soaked; dull, as if from drink. He set his sodden overcoat near the radiator to dry.

sojourn n.逗留 temporary stay. After his sojourn in Florida, he began to long for the colder climate of his native New England home.

solace n.安慰 comfort in trouble. I hope you will find solace in the thought that all of us share your loss.

solder v.焊接 repair or make whole by using a metal alloy. The plumber fixed the leak in the pipes by soldering a couple of joints from which water had been oozing.

solecism n.语法错误，谬误 construction that is flagrantly incorrect grammatically. I must give this paper a failing mark because it contains many solecisms.

solemnity n.严肃，庄严 seriousness; gravity. The minister was concerned that nothing should disturb the solemnity of the marriage service, solemn, adj.

solicit v.恳求，乞求'request earnestly; seek. Knowing she needed to have a solid majority for the budget to pass, the mayor telephoned all the members of the city council to solicit their votes.

solicitous ad丄焦虑的,挂念的 worried; concerned. Dora was delicate, David knew, and he was very solicitous about her health during her pregnancy.

soliloquy n.自言自语，独白 talking to oneself. Dramatists use the soliloquy as a device to reveal a character’s innermost thoughts and emotions.

solitude n.孤独，独居 state of being alone; seclusion. Much depends on how much you like your own company. What to one person seems fearful isolation to another is blessed solitude.

soluble adj.可溶解的；可解决的 able to be dissolved; able to be explained. Sugar is soluble in water; put a sugar cube in water and it will quickly dissolve.

solvent adj.有偿付能力的 able to pay all debts. By dint of very frugal living, he was finally able to become solvent and avoid bankruptcy proceedings.

solvent n.溶剂 substance that dissolves another. Dip a cube of sugar into a cup of water; note how the water acts as a solvent, causing the cube to break down.
Word List 44 somber-sublime

■ somber ad^j.忧郁的，郁闷的；昏暗的，阴暗的gloomy; depressing; dark; drab. From the doctor's grim expression, I could tell he had somber news. Dull brown and charcoal gray are pretty somber colors; can’t you wear something bright?

somnambulist n.梦游者，梦游症患者 sleepwalker. The most famous somnambulist in literature is Lady Macbeth; her monologue in the sleepwalking scene is one of the highlights of Shakespeare's play.
somnolent adj.昏昏欲睡的 half asleep. The heavy meal and the overheated room made us all somnolent and indifferent to the speaker.

sonorous adj.洪亮的,n向亮的 resonant. His sonorous voice resounded through the hall.

sophisticated adj.老于世故的，老练的；复杂的；精致的 worldly-wise and urbane; complex. When Sophie makes wisecracks, she thinks she sounds sophisticated, but instead she sounds sophomoric. A few years ago the new

IBM laptop with the butterfly keyboard and the built-in quadspeed fax modem seemed the height of computer sophistication.

sophistry n.诡辩 seemingly plausible but fallacious reasoning. Instead of advancing valid arguments, he tried to overwhelm his audience with a flood of sophistries. sophomoric ad J. 一知半解的 immature; half-baked, like a sophomore. Even if you're only a freshman, it's no compliment to be told your humor is sophomoric. The humor in Dumb and Dumber is sophomoric at best.

•	soporific ad J.催眠的，想睡的 sleep-causing; marked by sleepiness. Professor Pringle's lectures were so soporific that even he fell asleep in class, also n.

sordid ad丄肮脏的，污秽的;卑鄙的 vile; filthy; wretched; mean. Talk show hosts seem willing to discuss any topic,

•	no matter how sordid and disgusting it may be.

sovereign adj.极有效的；至高的；独立自主的efficacious; supreme or paramount; self-governing. Professor Pennywhistle claimed his panacea was a sovereign cure for all chronic complaints. In medicine the sovereign task of the doctor is to do no harm. Rebelling against the mother country, the onetime colony now proclaimed itself a sovereign state, also n.

spangle n.(缝在衣服上用作装饰的）发光的小金属片 small metallic piece sewn to clothing for ornamentation. The thousands of spangles on her dress sparkled in the glare of the stage lights.

sparse adj.稀少的，稀疏的 not thick; thinly scattered; scanty. No matter how carefully Albert combed his hair to make it look as full as possible, it still looked sparse. spartan adj.简朴的,刚强的 avoiding luxury and comfort; sternly disciplined. Looking over the bare, unheated room, with its hard cot, he wondered what he was doing in such spartan quarters. Only his spartan sense of duty kept him at his post.

spasmodic adj.断断续续的，间歇性的 fitful; periodic. The spasmodic coughing in the auditorium annoyed the performers.

spat n. 口角，小冲突 squabble; minor dispute. What had started out as a mere spat escalated into a full-blown argument.

spate n.洪水；突然的爆发；大量 sudden flood or strong outburst; a large number or amount. After the spate of angry words that came pouring out of him, Mary was sure they would never be reconciled.

spatial adj.空间的 relating to space. NASA is engaged in an ongoing program of spatial exploration. Certain exercises test your sense of spatial relations by asking you to identify two views of an object seen from different points in space.

spatula n.(涂油漆、涂药等用的)抹刀 broad-bladed instrument used for spreading or mixing. The manufacturers of this frying pan recommend the use of a rubber spatula to avoid scratching the specially treated surface, spawn v.产卵 lay eggs. Fish ladders had to be built in the dams to assist the salmon returning to spawn in their native streams, also n.

specious adj.似是而非的；华而不实的seemingly reasonable but incorrect; misleading (often intentionally). To claim that, because houses and birds both have wings, both can fly, is extremely specious reasoning.
spectrum n.光，光谱 colored band produced when beam of light passes through a prism. The visible portion of the spectrum includes red at one end and violet at the other.

spendthrift n.挥霍者 someone who wastes money. Easy access to credit encourages people to turn into spendthrifts who shop till they drop.

sphinx-like adj.神秘的 enigmatic; mysterious. The Mona Lisa’s sphinx-like expression has intrigued and mystified art lovers for centuries.

splice v.接合 fasten together; unite. Before you splice two strips of tape together, be sure to line them up evenly, also N.

spontaneity n.自发性；（举止等的）自然 lack of premeditation; naturalness; freedom from constraint. When Anne and Amy met, Amy impulsively hugged her new colleague, but Anne drew back, unprepared for such spontaneity. The cast over-rehearsed the play so much that the eventual performance lacked any spontaneity, spontaneous, adj.

■	sporadic adj.零星的，偶发性的 occurring irregularly. Although you can still hear sporadic outbursts of laughter and singing outside, the big Halloween parade has passed; the party's over till next year.

sportive adj.嬉戏的，欢闹的 playful. Half man, half goat, the mischievous, sportive fauns gamboled on the green.

spry adj.充满生气的，敏捷的 vigorously active; nimble. She was eighty years old, yet still spry and alert.

•	spurious adj.伪造的，假造的 false; counterfeit; forged; illogical. The antique dealer hero of Jonathan Gash's mystery novels gives the reader tips on how to tell spurious antiques from the real thing. Natasha's claim to be the lost heir of the Romanoffs was spurious: the only thing Russian about her was the vodka she drank!

•	spurn v.轻蔑地拒绝；唾弃 reject; scorn. The heroine spumed the villain's advances.

squabble n. 口角；争吵 minor quarrel; bickering. Children invariably get involved in petty squabbles' wise parents know when to interfere and when to let the children work things out on their own.

squalor n.肮脏，悲惨，贫穷 filth; degradation; dirty, neglected state. Rusted, broken-down cars in its yard, trash piled up on the porch, tar paper peeling from the roof, the shack was the picture of squalor, squalid, adj.

■	squander v. :?良费 waste. If you squander your allowance on candy and comic books, you won't have any money left to buy the new box of crayons you want.

squat adj.矮胖的；短粗的 stocky; short and thick. Tolkien's hobbits are somewhat squat, sturdy little creatures, fond of good ale, good music, and good mushrooms.

staccato adj.断音的；不连贯的；断续的played in an abrupt manner; marked by abrupt sharp sound. His staccato speech reminded one of the sound of a machine gun.

■	stagnant adj.停滞的，迟钝的 motionless; stale; dull. Mosquitoes commonly breed in ponds of stagnant water. Mike's career was stagnant, it wasn't going anywhere, and neither was he! stagnate, v.

staid adj.沉着的；沉静的 sober; sedate. The wild parties at the fraternity house appealed to the jocks and slackers, but appalled the more staid and serious students on campus.

stalemate n.僵局 deadlock. Negotiations between the

union and the employers have reached a stalemate-, neither side is willing to budge from previously stated positions.

stalwart ad丄强健的，强壮的！可靠的strong and vigorous; unwaveringly dependable. We thought the congressman was a stalwart Republican until he voted against President Bush's Medicare reform bill, also n.

stamina n.毅力，持久力 strength; staying power. I doubt that she has the stamina to run the full distance of the marathon race.

stanch v.止流，止血 check flow of blood. It is imperative that we stanch the gushing wound before we attend to the other injuries.

stanza n.(诗的)节 division of a poem. Do you know the last stanza of "The Star-Spangled Banner"?

■ static adj.静态的；固定的 unchanging; lacking development. Why watch chess on TV? I like watching a game with action, not something static where nothing seems to be going on.

statute n.法令，条例 law enacted by the legislature. The statute of limitations sets the limits on how long you have to take legal action in specific cases.

• steadfast adj.忠实的，坚贞不移的 loyal; unswerving. Penelope was steadfast in her affections, faithfully waiting for Ulysses to return from his wanderings.

stealth n.秘密行动 slyness; sneakiness; secretiveness. Fearing detection by the sentries on duty, the scout inched his way toward the enemy camp with great stealth. steep v.浸，泡，沉浸 soak; saturate. Be sure to steep the fabric in the dyebath for the full time prescribed, stellar adj.星的；主要的 pertaining to the stars. He was the stellar attraction of the entire performance, stem v.遏制,制止 check the flow. The paramedic used a tourniquet to stem the bleeding from the slashed artery, stem from v.出自,来源于 arise from. Milton's problems in school stemmed from his poor study habits.

stereotype n.陈腔滥调；老套；固定的形象fixed and unvarying representation; standardized mental picture, often reflecting prejudice. Critics object to the character of Jim in The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn because he seems to reflect the stereotype of the happy, ignorant slave.

stifle v.抑制，约束 suppress; extinguish; inhibit. Halfway through the boring lecture, Laura gave up trying to stifle her yawns.

stigma n.耻辱；污名 token of disgrace; brand. I do not attach any stigma to the fact that you were accused of this crime; the fact that you were acquitted clears you completely.

stigmatize v.打烙印，诬蔑 brand; mark as wicked. I do not want to stigmatize this young offender for life by sending her to prison.

stilted adj.做作的，虚饰的 bombastic; inflated. His stilted rhetoric did not impress the college audience; they were immune to bombastic utterances.

stint n.限制，限量；(工作)限额 supply; allotted amount; assigned portion of work. He performed his daily stint cheerfully and willingly, also v.

stint v.节约 1 限制 be thrifty; set limits. “Spare no expense," the bride's father said, refusing to ^tint on the wedding arrangements.

stipend n.薪水，薪俸 pay for services. There is a nominal
stipend for this position.

stipulate v.规定，保证 make express conditions; specify. Before agreeing to reduce American military forces in Europe, the president stipulated that NATO inspection teams be allowed to inspect Soviet bases.

stodgy adj.乏味的；呆板的；枯燥的 stuffy; boringly conservative. For a young person, Winston seems remarkably stodgy, you'd expect someone his age to show a little more life.

stoic ad丄坚忍的；无动于衷的 impassive; unmoved by joy or grief. I wasn't particularly stoic when I had my flu shot; I squealed like a stuck pig. also n.

stoke v.加燃料于（火或炉）中；大量吃，吃得很多stir up a fire; feed plentifully. As a Scout Marisa learned how to light a fire, how to stoke it if it started to die down, and how to extinguish it completely.

•	stolid adj.不易激动的，感觉迟钝的 unruffled; impassive; dull. Marianne wanted a romantic, passionate suitor like Willoughby, not a stolid, unimaginative one like Colonel Brandon.

stratagem n.战略，计谋 deceptive scheme. Though Wellington’s forces seemed in full retreat, in reality their withdrawal was a stratagem intended to lure the enemy away from its sheltered position.

stratify v.把…分成不同的等级、阶级,使成层divide into classes; be arranged into strata. As the economic gap between the rich and the poor increased, Roman society grew increasingly stratified.

stratum n.地层，社会阶层 layer of earth's surface; layer of society. Neither an elitist nor a reverse snob, Mitch had friends from every social stratum.

strew v.散播，点缀，撒满 spread randomly; sprinkle; scatter. Preceding the bride to the altar, the flower girl will strew rose petals along the aisle.

striated adj.有条纹的，有条痕的 marked with parallel bands; grooved. The glacier left many striated rocks, striate, v.

stricture n.约束;谴责，批评 restriction; adverse criticism. Huck regularly disobeyed Miss Watson's rules and stricture^ upon his behavior: he wouldn’t wear shoes, no matter what she said.

•	strident adj.刺耳的，尖锐的 loud and harsh; insistent. Whenever Sue became angry, she tried not to raise her voice; she had no desire to appear strident.

stringent adj.严厉的，严苛的 severe; rigid; constricted. Fearing the rapid spread of the SARS virus, the Canadian government imposed stringent quarantine measures.

strut n.昂首阔步，神气活现的走路pompous walk; swagger. Looking at his self- important strut as he swaggered about the parade ground, I could tell Colonel Blimp thought highly of himself, also v.

strut n.支柱，撑木 supporting bar. The engineer calculated that the strut supporting the rafter needed to be reinforced. (secondary meaning)

studied ad丄有计划的，故意的 not spontaneous; deliberate; thoughtful. Given Jill's previous slights, Jack felt that the omission of his name from the guest list was a studied insult.

stultify v.使显得愚笨，使变无效，使成为徒劳cause to appear or become stupid or inconsistent; frustrate or hinder. His long hours in the blacking factory left young Dick-

ens numb and incurious, as if the menial labor had stultified his brain.

• stupefy v.使恍惚；使茫然 make numb; stun; amaze. Disapproving of drugs in general, Laura refused to take sleeping pills or any other medicine that might stupefy her. stupefaction, n.

stupor n.昏迷，恍惚 state of apathy; daze; lack of awareness. The paramedics shook the unconscious man but could not rouse him from his stupor.

stymie v.从中作梗；阻碍 present an obstacle; stump. The detective was stymied by the contradictory evidence in the robbery investigation, also n.

suavity n.温和，文雅 urbanity; polish. The elegant actor is particularly good in roles that require suavity and sophistication.
subdued adj.缓和的；柔和的 less intense; quieter. Bob liked the subdued lighting at the restaurant because he thought it was romantic. I just thought it was dimly lit. subjective adj.主观的，个人的 occurring or taking place within the subject; unreal. Your analysis is highly subjective; you have permitted your emotions and your opinions to color your thinking.

subjugate v.使屈月艮，征月艮 conquer; bring under control. Alexander the Great conquered most of the known world of his time, first subjugating the Persians under Darius, then defeating the armies of India's King Porus.

sublime adj.庄严的，崇高的，雄伟的；完全的exalted or noble and uplifting; utter. Lucy was in awe of Desi’s sublime musicianship, while he was in awe of her sublime naivete.
Word List 45 subliminal-tantamount

subliminal adj.下意识的，.潜意识的 below conscious awareness. The pulse of the music began to work on the crowd in a subliminal way: they rocked to the rhythm unconsciously.

■	submissive adj.顺从的 yielding; timid. When he refused to permit Elizabeth to marry her poet, Mr. Barrett expected her to be properly submissive; instead, she eloped!

■	subordinate adj.次要的；下级的；顺从的 occupying a lower rank; inferior; submissive. Bishop Proudie's wife expected all the subordinate clergy to behave with great deference to the wife of their superior.

suborn v.教唆 persuade to act unlawfully (especially to commit perjury). In The Godfather, the mobsters used bribery and threats to suborn the witnesses against Don Michael Corleone.

subpoena n.(传唤到庭作证的）传票writ summoning a witness to appear. The prosecutor's office was ready to serve a subpoena on the reluctant witness, also v.

subsequent adj.后来的，随后的 following; later. In subsequent lessons, we shall take up more difficult problems.

subservient adj.屈从的;卑屈的;恭顺的 behaving like a slave; servile; obsequious. He was proud and dignified; he refused to be subservient to anyone.

■	subside v.平息，消退；下沉 settle down; descend; grow quiet. The doctor assured us that the fever would eventually subside.

subsidiary n.附属物，补充物 something secondary in importance or subordinate; auxiliary. The Turner Broadcasting System is a wholly owned subsidiary of AOL Time Warner. First deal with the critical issues, then with the subsidiary ones, also adj.

subsidy n.补助金，津贴 direct financial aid by government, etc. Without this subsidy, American ship operators would not be able to compete in world markets.

subsistence n.衣食，给养；存在 means needed to support life; existence. Farming those barren, depleted fields, he raised barely enough food for his family's subsistence.

substantial adj.大量的；坚固的；实质的 ample; solid; in essentials. The generous scholarship represented a substantial sum of money.
■	substantiate v.证明;证实；支持 establish by evidence; verify; support. These endorsements from satisfied customers substantiate our claim that Barron's How to Prepare for the SAT\s the best SAT-prep book on the market.

substantive adj.实体的，真正的；本质的；坚固的real, as opposed to imaginary; essential; solidly based; substantial. Bishop Tutu received the Nobel Peace Prize in recognition of his substantive contributions to the peace movement in South Africa.

subterfuge n.借口；托辞；欺骗，诡计 deceitful stratagem; trick; pretense. Hiding from his pursuers, the fugitive used every subterfuge he could think of to get them off his track.

subtlety n.微妙；精明；巧妙 perceptiveness; ingenuity; delicacy. Never obvious, she expressed herself with such subtlety that her remarks went right over the heads of most of her audience, subtle, adj.

subversive ad丄颠覆性的，破坏性的 tending to overthrow; destructive. At first glance, the notion that styrofoam cups may actually be more ecologically sound than paper cups strikes most environmentalists as subversive.

■	succinct adj.简洁的；压缩的 brief; terse; compact. Don't bore your audience with excess verbiage: be succinct.

succor v.援助，救援 aid; assist; comfort. If you believe that con man has come here to succor you in your hour of need, you're an even bigger sucker than I thought, also n.

succulent adj.(水果）多汁的，多水的；（植物）茎叶肥厚的 juicy; full of richness. To some people, Florida citrus fruits are more succulent than those from California, also n.

succumb v.屈月艮，屈从，死 yield; give in; die. I succumb to temptation whenever I see chocolate.

suffragist n.妇女政权论者 advocate of voting rights (for women). In recognition of her efforts to win the vote for women, Congress authorized coining a silver dollar honoring the suffragist Susan B. Anthony

sully v.弄脏；玷污 f名誉等）tarnish; soil. He felt that it was beneath his dignity to sully his hands in such menial labor.

sultry adj.闷热的；酷热的 sweltering. He could not adjust himself to the sultry climate of the tropics.

summation n.合计；总结 act of finding the total; summary. In his summation, the lawyer emphasized the testimony given by the two witnesses.

summit n.顶点，顶峰 utmost height or pinnacle; highest point (of a mountain, etc.) The summit of the amateur mountain climber's aspirations was someday to reach the summit of Mount Everest.

sumptuous adj.豪华的，盛大的 lavish; rich. I cannot recall when I have had such a sumptuous Thanksgiving feast.

sunder v.切开，分离 separate; part. Northern and southern Ireland are politically and religiously sundered.

supercilious adj.自大的，傲慢的，目空一切的 arrogant; condescending; patronizing. The supercilious headwaiter sneered at customers whom he thought did not fit in at a restaurant catering to an ultra- fashionable crowd.

■	superficial adj.表面的，肤浅的 trivial; shallow. Since your report gave only a superficial analysis of the problem, I cannot give you more than a passing grade.

■	superfluous adj.过多的,不必要的；多余的unnecessary; excessive; overabundant. Betsy lacked the heart to tell June that the wedding present she brought was superfluous; she and Bob had already received five toasters. Please try not to include so many superfluous details in your report; just give me the facts, superfluity, n.

superimpose v.添加，置于他物上 place over something else. The filmmakers superimposed the credits over the movie's opening scene.

supersede v.代替，取代；废除 cause to be set aside; replace; make obsolete. The new bulk mailing postal regulation supersedes the old one. If you continue to follow the old regulation, your bulk mailing will be returned to you.

•	supplant v.代替，排挤 replace; usurp. Bolingbroke, later to be known as King Henry IV, fought to supplant his cousin, Richard III, as King of England.

supple adj.柔软的，易弯曲的 flexible; pliant. Years of yoga exercises made Grace's body supple.

supplicate v.恳求，哀求 petition humbly; pray to grant a favor. We supplicate Your Majesty to grant him amnesty.

supposition n.假定，推测 hypothesis; the act of supposing. I based my decision to confide in him on the supposition that he would be discreet, suppose, v.

suppress v.抑制，克服，约束 stifle; overwhelm; subdue; inhibit. Too polite to laugh in anyone's face, Roy did his best to suppress his amusement at Ed’s inane remark.

•	surfeit v.饮食过度；沉溺于 satiate; stuff; indulge to excess in anything. Every Thanksgiving we are surfeited with an overabundance of holiday treats, also n.

surly adj.粗暴的，乖戾的 rude; cross. Because of his surly attitude, many people avoided his company.

surmise v.臆测；猜想 suspect; guess; imagine. I surmise that Suzanne will be late for this meeting; I’ve never known her to be on time, also n.

surmount v.战胜，克服 overcome. Could Helen Keller, blind and deaf since childhood, surmount her physical disabilities and lead a productive life?

■	surpass v.超越，胜过 exceed. Her SAT scores surpassed our expectations.

■	surreptitious adj.秘密的,偷偷摸摸的 secret; furtive; sneaky; hidden. Hoping to discover where his mom had
hidden the Christmas presents, Timmy took a surreptitious peek into the master bedroom closet.

surrogate n.代替物，代用品 substitute. For a fatherless child, a male teacher may become a father surrogate.

surveillance n.监视，监督 watching; guarding. The FBI kept the house under constant surveillance in the hope of capturing all the criminals at one time.

■	susceptible adj.易受影响的，易感动的；易感染的impressionable; easily influenced; having little resistance, as to a disease; receptive to. Said the patent medicine man to his very susceptible customer: "Buy this new miracle drug, and you will no longer be susceptible to the common cold."

■	sustain v.承受；支撑，维持 experience; support; nourish. He sustained such a severe injury that the doctors feared he would be unable to work to sustain his growing family.

sustenance n.支持物,维持体力的食物,营养品means of support, food, nourishment. In the tropics, the natives find sustenance easy to obtain, due to all the fruit trees.

suture n.【医】缝合，缝合处，缝合用的线stitches sewn to hold the cut edges of a wound or incision; material used in sewing. We will remove the sutures as soon as the wound heals, also v.

swagger v.昂首阔步，摆架子，大摇大摆behave arrogantly or pompously; strut or walk proudly. The conquering hero didn't simply stride down the street; he swaggered. also n.

swarm n. 一大群；蜂群 dense moving crowd; large group of honeybees. At the height of the city hall scandals, a constant swarm of reporters followed the mayor everywhere, also v.

swarthy adj.黝黑的，黑皮肤的 dark; dusky. Despite the stereotypes, not all Italians are swarthy, many are fair and blond.

swathe v.绑，裹，用绷带缠 wrap around; bandage. When I visited him in the hospital, I found him swathed in bandages.

swelter v.热昏；中暑 be oppressed by heat. I am going to buy an air conditioning unit for my apartment as I do not intend to swelter through another hot and humid summer.

swerve v.突然转向 deviate; turn aside sharply. The car swerved wildly as the driver struggled to regain control of the wheel.

swill v.痛饮 drink greedily. Singing "Yo, ho, ho, and a bottle of rum," Long John Silver and his fellow pirates swilled their grog.

swindler n.骗子 cheat. She was gullible and trusting, an easy victim for the first swindler who came along.

sybarite n.爱奢侈享乐的人 lover of luxury. Rich people are not always sybarites; some of them have little taste for a life of luxury.

• sycophant n.拍马屁的人，谄媚者，奉承者servile flatterer; bootlicker; yes man. Fed up with the toadies and flunkies who made up his entourage, the star cried, "Get out, all of you! I'm sick of sycophants1.” sycophancy, n.

symbiosis n.【生】共生(现象)；共栖 interdependent relationship (between groups, species), often mutually beneficial. Both the crocodile bird and the crocodile derive benefit from their symbiosis: pecking away at food particles embedded in the crocodile's teeth, the bird receives nour-

ishment; the crocodile, meanwhile, receives proper dental hygiene, symbiotic, ad丄

symmetry n.对称，匀称 arrangement of parts so that balance is obtained; congruity. Something lopsided by definition lacks symmetry.

synoptic adj.提要的，摘要的 providing a general overview; summary. The professor turned to the latest issue of Dissertation Abstracts for a synoptic account of what was new in the field, synopsis, n.

synthesis n.综合，合成 combining parts into a whole. Now that we have succeeded in isolating this drug, our next problem is to plan its synthesis in the laboratory, synthesize, v.

table v.搁置 set aside a resolution or proposal for future consideration. Because we seem unable to agree on this issue at the moment, let us table the motion for now and come back to it at a later date.

tacit adj.不言而喻的；心照不宣的understood; not put into words. We have a tacit agreement based on only a handshake.

■ taciturn adj.沉默寡言的 habitually silent; talking little. The stereotypical cowboy is a taciturn soul, answering lengthy questions with "Yep" or "Nope.”

tactile adj.触觉的，有触觉的 pertaining to the organs or sense of touch. His callused hands had lost their tactile sensitivity.

taint v.玷污；败坏；腐蚀 contaminate; cause to lose purity; modify with a trace of something bad. One speck of
dirt on your utensils may contain enough germs to taint an entire batch of preserves.

talisman n.护身符，辟邪物 charm to bring good luck and avert misfortune. Joe believed the carved pendant he found in Vietnam served him as a talisman and brought him safely through the war.

talon n.猛禽的锐爪 claw of bird. The falconer wore a leather gauntlet to avoid being clawed by the hawk’s talons.

tangential adj.略微有关系的；离题的 peripheral; only slightly connected; digressing. Despite Clark’s attempts to distract her with tangential remarks, Lois kept on coming back to her main question: why couldn’t he come out to dinner with Superman and her?

tangible adj.可触知的；真实的 able to be touched; real; palpable. Although Tom did not own a house, he had several tangible assets—a car, a television, a PC—that he could sell if he needed cash.

tanner n.制革工人 person who turns animal hides into leather. Using a solution of tanbark，the tanner treated the cowhide, transforming it into supple leather.

tantalize v.逗弄，使备尝可望而不可及之苦tease; torture with disappointment. Tom tantalized his younger brother, holding the ball just too high for Jimmy to reach.

• tantamount adj.(在效果或价值上）与…相当的equivalent in effect or value. Because so few Southern blacks could afford to pay the poll tax, the imposition of this tax on prospective voters was tantamount to disenfranchisement for black voters.
Word List 46 tantrum-tonic

tantrum n.发脾气，发怒 fit of petulance; caprice. The child learned that he could have almost anything if he had a tantrum.

tarantula n.(产于南欧等地的)狼蛛 venomous spider. We need an antitoxin to counteract the bite of the tarantula. tarry v.延迟，逗留 delay; dawdle. We can't tarry if we want to get to the airport on time.

taut adj.拉紧的，绷紧的；整洁的 tight; ready. The captain maintained that he ran a fat/f ship, tautological adj.同义反复的，类语叠用的 needlessly repetitious. In the sentence "It was visible to the eye," the phrase "to the eye" is tautological.

tautology n.同义反复，重复 unnecessary repetition. “Joyful happiness" is an illustration of tautology.

tawdry adj.价廉而花哨的，俗气的cheap and gaudy. He won a few fawc/ry trinkets in Coney Island.

tedious adj.单调乏味的；冗长的；沉闷的boring; tiring. The repetitious nature of work on the assembly line made Martin's job very tedious, tedium, n.

temerity n.鲁莽，轻率 boldness; rashness. Do you have the temerity to argue with me?

■ temper v.调和，调节；调音；（冶金)回火，锻炼moderate; tone down or restrain; toughen (steel). Not even her supervisor’s grumpiness could temper Nancy's enthusiasm for her new job.
temperament n.气质，性情 characteristic frame of mind; disposition; emotional excess. Although the twins look alike, they differ markedly in temperament. Todd is calm, but Rod is excitable.

temperate adj.有节制的，适度的；（气候等）温和的 restrained; self-controlled; moderate in respect to temperature. Try to be temperate in your eating this holiday season; if you control your appetite, you won't gain too much weight.

tempestuous adj.有暴风雨的；暴乱的 stormy; impassioned; violent. Racket-throwing tennis star John McEnroe was famed for his displays of tempestuous temperament, tempo n.(音乐)速度，拍子 speed of music. I find the band's tempo too slow for such a lively dance, temporal adj.暂时的；现世的 not lasting forever; limited by time; secular. At one time in our history, temporal rulers assumed that they had been given their thrones by divine right.

temporize v.应付，拖延 act evasively to gain time; avoid committing oneself. Ordered by King John to drive Robin Hood out of Sherwood Forest, the sheriff temporized, hoping to put off any confrontation with the outlaw band, tenacious adj.紧握的，坚持的，顽强的 holding fast. I had to struggle to break his tenacious hold on my arm.

• tenacity n.坚持，顽强 firmness; persistence. Jean Val-jean could not believe the tenacity of Inspector Javert. Here

all Valjean had done was to steal a loaf of bread, and the inspector had pursued him doggedly for twenty years!

tendentious adj.有目的的，有偏见的 having an aim; biased; designed to further a cause. The editorials in this periodical are tendentious rather than truth-seeking.

tender v.提出，提供 offer; extend. Although no formal charges had been made against him, in the wake of the recent scandal the mayor felt he should tender his resignation.

tenet n.信条，原则 doctrine; dogma. The agnostic did not accept the tenets of their faith.

tensile adj.可拉长的，可伸长的 capable of being stretched. Mountain climbers must know the tensile strength of their ropes.

■	tentative adj.试验性的，不确定的 hesitant; not fully worked out or developed; experimental; not definite or positive. Unsure of his welcome at the Christmas party, Scrooge took a tentative step into his nephew's drawing room, tenuous adj.纤细的，单薄的 thin: rare; slim. The allegiance of our allies is based on such tenuous ties that we have little hope they will remain loyal.

tenure n. (土地、职位等的)保有任期 holding of an office; time during which such an office is held. A special recall election put a sudden end to Gray Davis's tenure in office as governor of California.

tepid adj.微温的，温热的 lukewarm. To avoid scalding the baby, make sure the bath water is tepid, not hot. termination n.结束，终止 end. Though the time for termination of the project was near, we still had a lot of work to finish before we shut up shop, terminate, v. terminology n.术语 terms used in a science or art. In talking to patients, doctors should either avoid medical terminology altogether or take time to explain the technical terms they use. terminus n.终点站，终点 last stop of railroad. After we reached the railroad terminus, we continued our journey into the wilderness on saddle horses.

• terrestrial adj.陆地的，陆生的，地球上的earthly (as opposed to celestial); pertaining to the land. In many science fiction films, alien invaders from outer space plan to destroy all terrestrial life.

■	terse adj.简洁的，扼要的 concise; abrupt; pithy. There is a fine line between speech that is terse and to the point and speech that is too abrupt.

testy adj.易怒的，暴躁的 irritable; short-tempered. My advice is to avoid discussing this problem with him today as he is rather testy ar\6 may shout at you.

tether v.(用绳或链）拴（牲口）tie with a rope. Before we went to sleep, we tethered the horses to prevent their wandering off during the night.

thematic adj.主题的 relating to a unifying motif or idea. Those who think of Moby Dick as a simple adventure story about whaling miss its underlying thematic import, theocracy n.神权政治 government run by religious leaders. Though some Pilgrims aboard the Mayflower favored the establishment of a theocracy in New England, many of their fellow voyagers preferred a nonreligious form of government.

theoretical adj.理论上的，空谈的》假设的not practical or applied; hypothetical. Bob was better at applied engineering and computer programming than he was at theoretical physics and math. While I can still think of some
theoretical objections to your plan, you've convinced me of its basic soundness.

therapeutic adj.治疗的，治疗学的 curative. Now better known for its racetrack, Saratoga Springs first gained attention for the therapeutic qualities of its famous "healing waters." therapy, n.

thermal adj.热的，热量的 pertaining to heat. On cold, wintry days, Jack dresses for warmth, putting on his thermal underwear, also n.

thespian adj.戏剧的 pertaining to drama. Her success in the school play convinced her she was destined for a thespian career, also n.

•	threadbare adj.(衣服)磨薄的,破旧的 worn through till the threads show; shabby and poor. The poor adjunct professor hid the threadbare spots on his jacket by sewing leather patches on his sleeves.

thrifty adj.节俭的，节约的 careful about money; economical. A thrifty shopper compares prices before making major purchases.

■ thrive v.兴旺，繁荣 prosper; flourish. Despite the impact of the recession on the restaurant trade, Philip’s cafe thrived.

throes n.剧痛；痛苦 violent anguish. The throes of despair can be as devastating as the spasms accompanying physical pain.

throng n.聚集的人群 crowd. Throngs of shoppers jammed the aisles, also v.

thwart v.阻挠；妨碍 prevent; frustrate; oppose and defeat. Batman searched for a way to thwart the Joker's evil plan to destroy Gotham City.

tightwad n.吝啬鬼 excessively frugal person; miser. Jill called Jack a tightwad because he never picked up the check.

tiller n.(船的)舵柄 handle used to move boat's rudder (to steer). Fearing the wind might shift suddenly and capsize the skiff, Tom kept one hand on the tiller al all times, timidity n.羞怯，怯懦 lack of self-confidence or courage. If you are to succeed as a salesman, you must first lose your timidity and fear of failure.

timorous adj.胆小的；易受惊的 fearful; demonstrating fear. His timorous manner betrayed the fear he felt at the moment.

•	tirade n.长篇的激烈演说；长篇的攻击性演说extended scolding; denunciation; harangue. The cigar smoker went into a bitter tirade, denouncing the anti-smoking forces that had succeeded in banning smoking from most planes and restaurants.

titanic adj.巨大的；力大无t匕的 gigantic. Titanic waves beat against the majestic S.S. Titanic, driving it against the concealed iceberg.

title n.所有权；称号，头衔；标题，名称right or claim to possession; mark of rank; name (of a book, film, etc.). Though the penniless Duke of Ragwort no longer held title to the family estate, he still retained his title as head of one of England's oldest families.

titter n.窃笑，吃吃地笑 nervous laugh. Her aunt's constant titter nearly drove her mad. also v. titular ad丄名义上的,有名无实的 nominal holding of title without obligations. Although he was the titular head of the company, the real decisions were made by his general manager.

toady n.掐媚者，拍马屁的人 servile flatterer; yes man. Never tell the boss anything he doesn't wish to hear: he doesn’t want an independent adviser, he just wants a toady, also v.

tome n.大部头的书，大册书 large volume. He spent
much time in the libraries poring over ancient tomes. tonic adj.滋补的，强身的 invigorating; refreshing. The tart homemade ginger ale had a tonic effect on Kit: she perked right up. also n.
Word List 47	t叩ography-ubiquitous

topography n.地质，地形 physical features of a region. Before the generals gave the order to attack, they ordered a complete study of the topography of the region.

• torpor n.不活泼；迟钝；冬眠 lethargy; sluggishness; dormancy. Throughout the winter, nothing aroused the bear from his torpor, he would not emerge from hibernation until spring, torpid, ad J.

torrent n.，急流，洪流 rushing stream; flood. Day after day of heavy rain saturated the hillside until the water ran downhill in torrents, torrential, adj.

torrid ad丄热烈的；酷热的，灼热的passionate; hot or scorching. Harlequin Romances publish torrid tales of love affairs, some set in torr/'c/climates.

torso n.裸体躯干雕像；（人体的)躯干trunk of statue with head and limbs missing; human trunk. This torso, found in the ruins of Pompeii, is now on exhibition in the museum in Naples.

tortuous adj.曲折的，转弯抹角的 winding; full of curves. Because this road is so tortuous, it is unwise to go faster than twenty miles an hour on it.

totter v.蹒跚;摇摇欲坠 move unsteadily; sway, as if about to fall. On unsteady feet, the drunk tottered down the hill to the nearest bar.

touchstone n.试金石，标准 stone used to test the fineness of gold alloys; criterion. What touchstone can be used to measure the character of a person?

touchy adj.敏感的;易怒的 sensitive; irascible. Do not mention his bald spot; he's very touchy about it.

tout v.兜售，吹捧 publicize; praise excessively. I lost confidence in my broker after he touted some junk bonds to me that turned out to be a bad investment.

toxic adj.有毒的，中毒的 poisonous. We must seek an antidote for whatever toxic substance he has eaten, toxicity, n. tract n.地方，地域；小册子 region of land (often imprecisely described); pamphlet. The king granted William Penn a tract of land in the New World. Penn then printed a tract in which he encouraged settlers to join his colony.

tractable ad丄易驾驭的，驯良的 docile; easily managed. Although Susan seemed a tractable young woman, she had a stubborn streak of independence that occasionally led her to defy the powers-that-be when she felt they were in the wrong.

traduce v. 谤，诋毁 expose to slander. His opponents tried to traduce the candidate's reputation by spreading rumors about his past.

trajectory n.弹道；轨道 path taken by a projectile. The police tried to locate the spot from which the assassin had fired the fatal shot by tracing the trajectory of the bullet.

■ tranquillity n.宁静 calmness; peace. After the commotion and excitement of the city, I appreciate the tranquillity of these fields and forests.

transcendent ad丄卓越的，出众的 surpassing; exceeding ordinary limits; superior. For the amateur chef, dining at the
four-star restaurant was a transcendent experience: the meal surpassed his wildest dreams, transcribe v.誊写，抄录 copy. When you transcribe your notes, please send a copy to Mr. Smith and keep the original for our files, transcription, n.

transgression n.违法，犯罪 violation of a law; sin. Although Widow Douglass was willing to overlook Huck's transgressions, Miss Watson refused to forgive and forget.

■ transient adj.短暂的，瞬时的 momentary; temporary; staying for a short time. Lexy’s joy at finding the perfect Christmas gift for Phil was transient, she still had to find presents for the cousins and Uncle Bob. Located near the airport, this hotel caters to a largely transient trade, transience, n.

transition n.过渡 going from one state of action to another. During the period of transition from oil heat to gas heat, the furnace will have to be shut off.

transitory adj.转瞬即逝的，短暂的 impermanent; fleeting. Fame is transitory, today's rising star is all too soon tomorrow's washed-up has-been, transitoriness, n.

translucent adj.半透明的；半透彻的 partly transparent. We could not recognize the people in the next room because of the translucent curtains that separated us. transmute v.使变形{使变质 change; convert to something different. He was unable to transmute his dreams into actualities.

transparent adj.显然的，明晰的,透明的 easily detected; permitting light to pass through freely. John's pride in his son is transparent, no one who sees the two of them together can miss it.

transport n.激动，狂喜 strong emotion. Margo was a creature of extremes, at one moment in transports of joy over a vivid sunset, at another moment in transports of grief over a dying bird, also v. (secondary meaning) trappings n.装饰 outward decorations; ornaments. He loved the trappings of success: the limousines, the stock options, the company jet.

traumatic adj.夕卜伤的，仓1J伤的 pertaining to an injury caused by violence. In his nightmares, he kept on recalling the traumatic experience of being wounded in battle, travail n.辛苦；苦役 painful physical or mental labor; drudgery; torment. Like every other high school student she knew, Sherry hated the yearlong travail of cramming for the SAT. also v.

traverse v.横过，穿过 go through or across. When you traverse this field, be careful of the bull, travesty n.滑稽的转写，模仿；歪曲 harshly distorted imitation; parody; debased likeness. Phillips's translation of Don Quixote is so inadequate and clumsy that it seems a travesty of the original.

treacly adj.甜蜜的,过于伤感的 sticky sweet; cloyingly sentimental. Irritatingly cheerful, always looking on the bright side, Pollyanna speaks nothing but treacly sentimen-

talities. treacle, n.

treatise n.论文，论述 article treating a subject systematically and thoroughly. He is preparing a treatise on the Elizabethan playwrights for his graduate degree.

trek n.旅行，艰苦跋涉 travel; journey. The tribe made their trek farther north that summer in search of game, also v. tremor n.震亶页，战栗 trembling; slight quiver. She had a nervous tremor in her right hand.

tremulous adj.发抖的,震颤的；畏缩的 trembling; wavering. She was tremulous more from excitement than from fear, trenchant adj.有力的；锋利的 forceful and vigorous; cutting. With his trenchant wit, Rich cuts straight to the heart of the matter, panning a truly dreadful play.

•	trepidation n.战栗，惶恐 fear; nervous apprehension. As she entered the office of the dean of admissions, Sharon felt some trepidation about how she would do in her interview.

trespass v.非法侵人，侵犯 unlawfully enter the boundaries of some else's property. The wicked baron flogged any poacher who trespassed on his private hunting grounds, also N.	i

tribute n.贡品；称赞 tax levied by a ruler; mark of respect. The colonists refused to pay tribute to a foreign despot.

•	trifling adj.琐碎的，无关紧要的 trivial; unimportant. Why bother going to see a doctor for such a trifling, everyday cold?

trigger v.弓| 发，弓 |起 set off. John is touchy today; say one word wrong and you'll trigger an explosion.

trinket n.小装饰品，小摆设 knickknack; bauble. Whenever she traveled abroad, Ethel would pick up costume jewelry and other trinkets as souvenirs.

■ trite adj.过时的；陈腐的 hackneyed; commonplace. The trite and predictable situations in many television programs turn off many viewers, who, in turn, turn off their sets.

trivial ad丄不重要的；琐碎的 unimportant; trifling. Too many magazines ignore newsworthy subjects and feature trivial affairs. trivia, n.

trough N.槽，饲料槽；波谷 container for feeding farm animals; lowest point (of a wave, business cycle, etc.) The hungry pigs struggled to get at the fresh swill in the trough. The surfer rode her board, coasting along in the trough between two waves.

truculence n.野蛮，粗野；好战 aggressiveness; ferocity. Tynan's reviews were noted for their caustic attacks and general tone of truculence, truculent, adj.
truism n.公认的真理，不言而喻的道理self-evident truth. Many a truism is summed up in a proverb; for example, MMarry in haste, repent at leisure."

• truncate v.截去尖端 cut the top off. The top of a cone that has been truncated in a plane parallel to its base is a circle.

tryst n.约会，幽会 meeting. The lovers kept their tryst even though they realized their danger.

tumult n.吵闹，骚动 commotion; riot; noise. She could not make herself heard over the tumult of the mob.

tundra n.苔原，冻土地带 rolling, treeless plain in Siberia and arctic North America. Despite the cold, many geologists are trying to discover valuable mineral deposits in the tundra.

turbid adj.浑浊的，不纯的，混乱的muddy; having the sediment disturbed. The water was turbid after the children had waded through it.

■	turbulence n.骚舌L，动荡 state of violent agitation. Warned of approaching turbulence in the atmosphere, the pilot told the passengers to fasten their seat belts.

turgid adj.肿的，浮夸的 swollen; distended. The turgid river threatened to overflow the levees and flood the countryside.

■	turmoil n.骚动，混乱 great commotion and confusion. Lydia running off with a soldier! Mother fainting at the news! The Bennet household was in turmoil.

turncoat n.背叛者，変节者 traitor. The British considered Benedict Arnold a loyalist; the Americans considered him a turncoat.

turpitude n.奸恶，卑鄙 depravity. A visitor may be denied admittance to this country if she has been guilty of moral turpitude.

tutelage n.监护；指导 guardianship; training. Under the tutelage of such masters of the instrument, she made rapid progress as a virtuoso.

tycoon n.大亨，大企业家 wealthy leader. John D. Rockefeller was a prominent tycoon.

typhoon n.台风 tropical hurricane or cyclone. If you liked Twister, you'll love Typhoon1.

tyranny n.:暴政，专制 oppression; cruel government. Frederick Douglass fought against the tyranny slavery throughout his life.

tyro n.生手，初学者 beginner; novice. For a mere tyro, you have produced some wonderfully expert results.

ubiquitous adj.无所不在的，普遍存在的 being everywhere; omnipresent. That Christmas “The Little Drummer Boy" seemed ubiquitous; David heard the tune everywhere.
Word List 48 ulterior-vehement
ulterior adj.未言明的；隐蔽的 unstated; hidden; more remote. Suspicious of altruistic gestures, he looked for an ulterior motive behind every charitable deed.

ultimate adj.最后的，最终的 final; not susceptible to further analysis. Scientists are searching for ultimate truths.

unaccountable adj.无法解释的，莫名其妙的 inexplicable; unreasonable or mysterious. I have take门 an unaccountable dislike to my doctor: "I do not love thee, Doctor Fell. The reason why, I cannot tell."
unanimity n.全体一致 complete agreement. We were surprised by the unanimity with which members of both parties accepted our proposals, unanimous, adj.

unassailable adj.无可争辩的；攻不破的 not subject to question; not open to attack. Penelope's virtue was unassailable-, while she waited for her husband to come back from the war, no other man had a chance.

unassuming adj.谦逊的，不装腔作势的 modest. He is so unassuming that some people fail to realize how great a man he really is.

unbridled adj.激烈的；无法控制的 violent. She had a sudden fit of unbridled rage.

uncanny adj.离奇的，神秘的 strange; mysterious. You have the uncanny knack of reading my innermost thoughts.

unconscionable adj.肆无忌惮的；不合理的，过度的 unscrupulous; excessive. She found the loan shark’s demands unconscionable and impossible to meet.

uncouth ad丄古怪的，笨拙的，粗俗的outlandish; clumsy; boorish. Most biographers portray Lincoln as an uncouth and ungainly young man.

unctuous adj.似油的，油质的；假殷勤的oily; bland; insincerely suave. Uriah Heep disguised his nefarious actions by unctuous protestations of his "humility.”

underlying adj.根本的，在下面的 fundamental; lying below. The underlying cause of the student riot was not the strict curfew rule but the moldy cafeteria food. Miss Marple seems a sweet little old lady, at first, but there's an iron will underlying that soft and fluffy facade.

■	undermine v.削弱或损害；逐渐损坏、侵烛weaken; sap. The recent corruption scandals have undermined many people’s faith in the city government. The recent torrential rains have washed away much of the Cliffside; the deluge threatens to undermine the pillars supporting several houses at the edge of the cliff.

underscore v.强调，力口强 emphasize. Addressing the jogging class, Kim underscored the importance to runners of good nutrition.

undulating adj.波状的，起伏的 moving with a wavelike motion. The Hilo Hula Festival was an undulating sea of grass skirts.

unearth v.挖出，发现 dig up. When they unearthed the city, the archeologists found many relics of an ancient civilization.

unequivocal ad丄明确的，不含糊的 plain; obvious; unmistakable. My answer to your proposal is an unequivocal and absolute "No."

unerringly adv.无过失地，正确地 infallibly. My teacher unerringly pounced on the one typographical error in my essay.

unfathomable adj.深不可测的，深奥的；无底的incomprehensible; impenetrable. Unable to get to the bottom of the mystery, Watson declared it was unfathomable. unfetter v.释放，使自由 liberate; free from chains. Chained to the wall for months on end, the hostage despaired that he would ever be unfettered.

unfrock v.剥去法衣，解除僧职 to strip a priest or minister of church authority. To disbar a lawyer, to unfrock a priest, to suspend a doctor's license to practice一these are extreme steps that the authorities should take only after careful consideration.

ungainly adj.难看的，不像样的；笨拙的awkward; clumsy; unwieldy. “If you want to know whether Nick's an ungainly dancer, check out my bruised feet," said Nora. Anyone who has ever tried to carry a bass fiddle knows it's an ungainly instrument.

■	uniformity n.同样，一致 sameness; monotony. At Persons magazine, we strive for uniformity of style; as a result, all our writers wind up sounding exactly alike.
unimpeachable adj.无可指摘的，可做模范的blameless and exemplary. Her conduct in office was unimpeachable and her record is spotless.

uninhibited adj.放荡不羁的，不受禁令约束的^repressed. The congregation was shocked by her uninvited laughter during the sermon.

unintimidating adj.不恐惧的，不受惊吓的 unfrightening. Though Phil had expected to feel overawed when he met Steve Young, he found the famous quarterback friendly and unintimidating.

unique adj.唯——的，独特的 without an equal; single in kind. You have the unique distinction of being the only student whom I have had to fail in this course.

universal adj.普遍的，通用的 characterizing or affecting all; present everywhere. At first, no one shared Christopher's opinions; his theory that the world was round was met with universal disdain.

•	unkempt adj.不整洁的，（头发）蓬乱的disheveled; uncared for in appearance. Jeremy hated his neighbor's unkempt lawn: he thought its neglected appearance'had a detrimental effect on neighborhood property values.

unmitigated adj.未减轻的；绝对的 unrelieved or immoderate; absolute. After four days of unmitigated heat, I was ready to collapse from heat prostration. The congresswoman's husband was an unmitigated jerk: not only did he abandon her, he took her campaign funds, too!

unobtrusive adj.不醒目的，不显眼的 inconspicuous; not blatant. Reluctant to attract notice, the governess took a chair in a far corner of the room and tried to be as unobtrusive as possible.

unpalatable adj.味道差的；令人不快的 distasteful; disagreeable. K1 refuse to swallow your conclusion," said she, finding his logic unpalatable.

•	unprecedented adj.空前的，没有前例的 novel; unparalleled. For a first novel, Margaret Mitchell's novel Gone with the Wind was an unprecedented success.

unprepossessing adj.不吸弓丨人的 unattractive. During adolescence many attractive young people somehow acquire the false notion that their appearance is unprepossessing. ：.,

unravel v.解开，拆开,解决 disentangle; solve. With equal ease Miss Marple unraveled tangled balls of yarn and baffling murder mysteries.

unrequited adj.无报答的，无回报的 not reciprocated. Suffering the pangs of unrequited love, Olivia rebukes Cesario for his hardheartedness.

unruly adi 不守规矩的，蛮横的 disobedient; lawless. The only way to curb this unruly mob is to use tear gas.

unscathed adj.未受伤的，无恙的 unharmed. They prayed he would come back from the war unscathed.

unseemly adj.不体面的，不适宜的 unbecoming; indecent; in poor taste. When he put whoopie cushions on all the seats in the funeral parlor, his conduct was most unseemly.

unsightly adj.看上去不舒服的，难看的ugly. Although James was an experienced emergency room nurse, he occasionally became queasy when faced with a particularly unsightly injury.

unstinting ad丄慷慨的，毫无保留的 giving generously; not holding back. The dean praised the donor of the new science building for her unstinting generosity.

untenable adj.防守不住的；不能维持的indefensible; not able to be maintained. Wayne is so contrary that, the more untenable a position is, the harder he’ll try to defend it.

■	unwarranted adj.无保证的；无理的，无根据的unjustified; groundless; undeserved. Your assumption that I would accept your proposal is unwarranted, sir; I do not want to marry you at all. We could not understand Martin's unwarranted rudeness to his mother’s guests.

unwieldy adj.笨拙的，难处理的 awkward; cumbersome; unmanageable. The large carton was so unwieldy that the movers had trouble getting it up the stairs.

unwitting adj.无意的，不知情的 unintentional; not knowing. She was the unwitting tool of the swindlers, upbraid v.责备，叱责 severely scold; reprimand. Not only did Miss Minchin upbraid Ermengarde for her disobedience, but she hung her up by her braids from a coat rack in the classroom.

uproarious ad丄喧闹的；非常滑稽的marked by commotion; extremely funny; very noisy. The uproarious comedy hit Ace Ventura: Pet Detective starred Jim Carrey, whose comic mugging provoked gales of uproarious laughter from audiences coast to coast.

upshot n.结果，结局 outcome. The upshot of the rematch was that the former champion proved that he still possessed all the skills of his youth.

urbane adj.彬彬有礼的，文雅的 suave; refined; elegant. The courtier was urbane and sophisticated, urbanity, n.

■	usurp v.篡夺，篡位 seize another's power or rank. The revolution ended when the victorious rebel general succeeded in his attempt to usurp the throne.

• utopia n.乌托邦，理想的完美境界ideal place, state, or society. Fed up with this imperfect universe, Don would have liked to run off to Shangri-la or some other imaginary utopia, utopian, adj.

■	vacillate v.摇摆不定，犹豫不决 waver； fluctuate. Uncertain which suitor she ought to marry, the princess vacillated, saying now one, now the other. The big boss likes his people to be decisive: when he asks you for your opinion, whatever you do, don't vacillate, vacillation, n.

vacuous adj.空虚的，无意义的 empty; inane. The vacuous remarks of the politician annoyed the audience, who had hoped to hear more than empty platitudes.

vagabond n.流浪者，游民 wanderer; tramp. In summer, college students wander the roads of Europe like carefree vagabonds, also adj.
vagrant n.流浪者，无业游民 a homeless wanderer. Because he was a stranger in town with no visible means of support, Martin feared he would be jailed as a vagrant. vagrancy, n.

valedictory adj.告别的，告辞的 pertaining to farewell. I found the valedictory address too long; leave-taking should be brief.

valid ad丄有充分根据的；正当的logically convincing; sound; legally acceptable. You're going to have to come up with a better argument if you want to convince me that your reasoning is valid.

validate v.确认，证实 confirm; ratify. I will not publish my findings until I validate my results.

valor n.英勇，勇猛 bravery. He received the Medal of Honor for his valor in battle.

vampire n.吸血鬼 ghostly being that sucks the blood of the living. Children were afraid to go to sleep because of the many legends of vampires roaming at night.

vanguard n.前锋，先锋 advance guard of a military force; forefront of a movement. When no enemy was in sight, the Duke of Plaza Toro marched in the vanguard of his troops, but once the bullets flew above, he headed for the rear.

vantage n.有利的位置 position giving an advantage. They fired upon the enemy from behind trees, walls and any other point of vantage they could find.

vapid adj.索然无味的，枯燥的 dull and unimaginative; insipid and flavorless. MBor-ing!M said Jessica, as she suffered through yet another vapid lecture about Dead White Male Poets.

• vaporize v.使蒸发，使汽化 turn into vapor (steam, gas, fog, etc.). "Zap!" went Super Mario's atomic ray gun as he vaporized another deadly foe.

variegated adj.杂色的，斑驳的 many-colored. Without her glasses, Gretchen saw the fields of tulips as a variegated blur.

veer v.改变方向，转向 change in direction. After what seemed an eternity, the wind veered to the east and the storm abated.

vehement adj.猛烈的，（情感)热烈的 forceful; intensely emotional; with marked vigor. Alfred became so vehement in describing what was wrong with the Internal Revenue Service that he began jumping up and down and frothing at the mouth, vehemence, n.
Word List 49 velocity-vogue

velocity n.速度，速率 speed. The train went by at considerable velocity.

venal adj.可用金钱贿赂的 capable of being bribed. The venal policeman cheerfully accepted the bribe offered him by the speeding motorist whom he had stopped, vendetta n.族间血仇，深仇 blood feud. Hoping to stop the street warfare disrupting his city, the Duke ordered the Capulet and Montague families to end their bitter vendetta. vendor n. /J、贩，卩H卖商 seller. The fruit vendor sold her wares from a stall on the sidewalk.

veneer n.薄板,虚饰，外表 thin layer; cover. Casual acquaintances were deceived by his veneer of sophistica-
tion and failed to recognize his fundamental shallowness.

venerable adj.德高望重的，令人尊敬的deserving high respect. We do not mean to be disrespectful when we refuse to follow the advice of our venerable leader.

■ venerate v.崇敬，崇拜 revere. In the area today, the common people still venerate their traditional spiritual leader.

venial adj.可原谅的；轻微的 forgivable; trivial. When Jean Valjean stole a loaf of bread to feed his starving sister, he committed a venial offense.

venom n.(蛇的)毒液；恶意，怨恨 poison; hatred. Bitten by a rattlesnake on his ankle, the cowboy contortionist

curled up like a pretzel and sucked the venom out of the wound.

vent n.通风孑L,出口 a small opening; outlet. The wine did not flow because the air vent\r\ the barrel was clogged, vent v.表达，发泄 express; utter. The angry teacher vented his wrath on his class.

ventriloquist n. 口技表演者 someone who can make his or her voice seem to come from another person or thing. In the classic movie Dead of Night, the ventriloquist is possessed by his wooden dummy, which torments its master, driving him to madness and murder.

venturesome adj.冒险的，大胆的 bold. A group of venturesome women were the first to scale Mt. Annapurna, veracity n.诚实，说真话 truthfulness. Asserting his veracity, young George Washington proclaimed, "Father, I cannot tell a lie!"

verbalize v.用言语表达，描述 put into words. I know you don't like to talk about these things, but please try to verbalize your feelings.

verbatim adv.逐字地；一字不差地 word for word. Blessed with a retentive memory, he could repeat lengthy messages verbatim, also adj.

verbiage n. 口罗唆，冗词 pompous array of words. After we had waded through all the verbiage, we discovered that the writer had said very little.

■ verbose adj. n罗唆的，捞叨的 wordy. Someone mute can't talk; someone verbose can hardly stop talking.

verdant adj.翠绿的，长满绿色植物的green; lush in vegetation. Monet’s paintings of the verdant meadows were symphonies in green.

verge n.边缘，界限 border; edge. Madame Curie knew she was on the verge of discovering the secrets of radioactive elements, also v.

verisimilitude n.似真，逼真 appearance of truth; likelihood. Critics praised her for the verisimilitude of her performance as Lady Macbeth. She was completely believable, verity n.真实,真理 quality of being true; lasting truth or principle. Did you question the verity of Kato Kaelin’s testimony about what he heard the night Nicole Brown Simpson was slain? To the skeptic, everything was relative: there were no eternal verities in which one could believe.

vernacular n.曰常用语；白话 living language; natural style. Cut out those old-fashioned thee's and thou's and write in the vernacular, also adj.

versatile adi 多才多艺的，多面手的 having many talents; capable of working in many fields. She was a versatile athlete, earning varsity letters in basketball, hockey, and track, vertex n.顶点，最高点 summit. Let us drop a perpendicular line from the vertex of the triangle to the base, vertigo n.眩晕，眼花 severe dizziness. When you test potential airplane pilots for susceptibility to spells of vertigo, be sure to hand out air-sickness bags.

verve n.气魄，神韵；活力 energy in expressing ideas, especially artistically; liveliness. In his rhymes, Seuss writes with such verve and good humor that adults as well as children delight in the adventures of The Cat in the Hat. vestige n.痕迹，残余 trace; remains. We discovered vestiges of early Indian life in the cave, vestigial, adj. vex v.使恼火；使痛苦 annoy; distress. Please try not to vex your mother; she is doing the best she can.
•	viable adj.可行的，可实施的；能养活的practical or workable; capable of maintaining life. That idea won't work. Let me see whether I can come up with a viable alternative.

vicarious adj.替代别人的，替代的 acting as a substitute; done by a deputy. Though Violet was too meek to talk back to anybody, she got a vicarious kick out of Rita's sharp retorts.

vicissitude n.变迁，兴衰 change of fortune. Humbled by life's vicissitudes, the last emperor of China worked as a lowly gardener in the palace over which he had once ruled.

vie v.竞争，较量 contend; compete. Politicians vie with one another, competing for donations and votes, vigilance n.警戒，警惕 watchfulness. Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.

vignette n. /J、插图；/J、品文 picture; short literary sketch. The New Yorker published her latest vignette.

■	vigor n.精力，活力 active strength. Although he was over seventy years old, Jack had the vigor of a man in his prime, vigorous, adj.

■	vilify v.诽谤，诋毁 slander. Waging a highly negative campaign, the candidate attempted to vilify his opponent's reputation, vilification, n.

■	vindicate v.证明无罪；为…辩护，支持clear from blame; exonerate; justify or support. The lawyer's goal was to vindicate her client and prove him innocent on all charges. The critics’ extremely favorable reviews vindicate my opinion that The Madness of King George is a brilliant movie.

vindictive adj.报复性的，怀恨的 out for revenge; malicious. I think it's unworthy of Martha to be so vindictive; she shouldn't stoop to such petty acts of revenge.

viper n.毒蛇 poisonous snake. The habitat of the horned viper, a particularly venomous snake, is in sandy regions like the Sahara or the Sinai peninsula.

virile adj.有男子气概的 manly. I do not accept the premise that a man proves he's virile by being belligerent.

virtual adj.实质的;实际上的 in essence; for practical purposes. She is a virtual financial wizard when it comes to money matters.

virtue n.美德，德行，优点 goodness, moral excellence; good quality. Virtue carried to extremes can turn into vice: humility, for example, can degenerate into servility and spinelessness.

■	virtuoso n.艺术名家，艺术大师 highly skilled artist. The promising young cellist Yo-Yo Ma grew into a virtuoso whose performances thrilled audiences throughout the world, virtuosity, n.

•	virulent adj.剧毒的，恶毒的，充满敌意的extremely poisonous; hostile; bitter. Laid up with a virulent case of measles, Vera blamed her doctors because her recovery took so long. In fact, she became quite virulent on the subject of the quality of modern medical care.

virus n.病毒 disease communicator. The doctors are looking for a specific medicine to control this virus.

visceral adj.内脏的，位于内脏的 felt in one's inner organs. She disliked the visceral sensations she had whenever she rode the roller coaster.

viscid adj.黏的，黏质的 adhesive; gluey. The trunk of the maple tree was viscid with sap.

viscous adj.有黏性的 sticky; gluey. Melted tar is a viscous substance, viscosity, n.

vise n.虎钳 tool for holding work in place. Before filing its edges, the locksmith took the blank key and fixed it firmly between the jaws of a vise.

visionary adj.幻影的，幻想的 produced by imagination; fanciful; mystical. She was given to visionary schemes that never materialized, also n.

vital adj.生机勃勃的；重大的；生命的vibrant and lively; critical; living, breathing. The vital, highly energetic first aid instructor stressed that it was vital in examining accident victims to note their v/Ya/signs.

vitriolic adj.硫酸的;刻薄的 corrosive; sarcastic. Oil of vitriol, or sulfuric acid, leaves scars on the flesh; vitriolic criticism leaves scars on the soul.
vituperative adj.责骂的，谩骂的 abusive; scolding. He became more vituperative as he realized that we were not going to grant him his wish.

vivacious adj.活泼的，快活的 animated; lively. She had always been vivacious and sparkling.

vociferous adj.喧哗的，大声叫嚷的 clamorous; noisy. The crowd grew vociferous in its anger and threatened to take the law into its own hands.

vogue n.时尚，流行物 popular fashion. Jeans are the vogue on college campuses.
Word List 50 volatile-zephyr

■ volatile adj.易变的，易爆发的；易挥发的changeable; explosive; evaporating rapidly. The political climate today is extremely volatile: no one can predict what the electorate will do next. Maria Callas’s temper was extremely volatile: the only thing you could predict was that she was sure to blow up. Acetone is an extremely volatile liquid: it evaporates instantly.

volition n.有意识的选择 act of making a conscious choice. She selected this dress of her own volition.

• voluble adj.流利的，健谈的 fluent; glib; talkative. The excessively voluble speaker suffers from logorrhea: he runs off at the mouth a lot!

voluminous adj.巨大的，体积大的 bulky; large. A caftan is a voluminous garment; most people wearing one look as if they’re draped in a small tent.

voluptuous adj.感官享受的，性感的 suggesting sensual delights; sensuously pleasing. Renoir’s paintings of nude women accent his subjects' rosy-tinted flesh and full, voluptuous figures.

voracious adj.贪婪的 ravenous. The wolf is a voracious animal, its hunger never satisfied.

vortex n.旋风，旋涡，（动乱、争论等的）中心whirlwind; whirlpool; center of turbulence; predicament into which one is inexorably plunged. Sucked into the vortex of the tornado, Dorothy and Toto were carried from Kansas to Oz.

vouchsafe v.赐予，允许 grant; choose to give in reply; permit. Occasionally the rock star would drift out onto the balcony and vouchsafe the crowd below a glimpse of her celebrated features. The professor vouchsafed not a word to the students' questions about what would be covered on the test.

voyeur n.窥淫狂，窥阴癖 Peeping Tom. Nancy called her brother a voyeur when she caught him aiming his binoculars at an upstairs window of the house of the newlyweds next door.

vulnerable adj.易受攻击的，易伤的 susceptible to wounds. His opponents could not harm Achilles, who was vulnerable only in his heel.

waffle v.闲聊，胡扯 speak equivocally about an issue. When asked directly about the governor's involvement in the savings and loan scandal, the press secretary waffled, talking all around the issue.
waft v.吹送，飘荡 moved gently by wind or waves. Daydreaming, he gazed at the leaves that wafted past his window.

waggish adj.爱开玩笑的，滑稽的 mischievous; humorous; tricky. He was a prankster who, unfortunately, often overlooked the damage he could cause with his waggish tricks, wag, n.

waif n.流浪儿；无主动物 homeless child or animal. Although he already had eight cats, he could not resist adopting yet another feline waif.

waive v.放弃：不坚持，搁置或推迟give up a claim or right voluntarily; refrain from enforcing; postpone considering. Although, technically, prospective students had to live in Piedmont to attend high school there, occasionally the school waived the residence requirement in order to enroll promising athletes.

wake n.(船的）尾波 i 痕迹 trail of ship or other object through water; path of something that has gone before. The wake of the swan gliding through the water glistened in the moonlight. Reporters and photographers converged on South Carolina in the wake of the hurricane that devastated much of the eastern seaboard.

wallow v::打滚,沉湎，堕落 roll in; indulge in; become helpless. The hippopotamus loves to wa//oivin the mud.

wan adj.苍白的，无血色的，病态的having a pale or sickly color; pallid. The convalescent looked frail and wan, her skin almost as white as the sheets on her sickbed.

wane v.变小，衰退，结束 decrease in size or strength; draw gradually to an end. The verb wax, which means to grow in size, is an antonym for wane. As it burns, does a wax candle wane?

wanton adj.无节制的：肆意的；不贞洁的unrestrained; willfully malicious; unchaste. Pointing to the stack of bills, Sheldon criticized Sarah for her wanton expenditures. In response, Sarah accused Sheldon of making an unfounded, wanton attack.

warble v.鸟鸣，用柔和的颤声唱sing; babble. Every morning the birds warbled outside her window, also n.

warrant v.批准，授权 justify; authorize. Before the judge issues the injunction, you must convince her this action is warranted.

warranty n.保证,保修证书 guarantee; assurance by seller. The purchaser of this automobile is protected by the

manufacturer’s warranty that the company will replace any defective part for five years or 50,000 miles.

wary adj.谨慎的，机警的 very cautious. The spies grew wary as they approached the sentry.

wastrel n.挥霍钱财的人，败家子 profligate. His neighbors denounced him as a wastrel who had dissipated his inheritance.

watershed n.分水岭，转折点 crucial dividing point. The invention of the personal computer proved a historic watershed, for it opened the way to today's Information Age.

wax v.变大，增大 increase; grow. With proper handling, his fortunes waxed and he became rich, waylay v.埋伏，伏击 ambush; lie in wait. They agreed to waylay their victim as he passed through the dark alley going home.

wean v.使断奶；使戒掉 accustom a baby to not nurse; give up a cherished activity. He decided he would wean himself away from eating junk food and stick to fruits and vegetables.

weather v.(安全）渡过（暴风雨、困难等)，经受住endure the effects of weather or other forces. Reporters wondered whether Governor Gray Davis would weather his latest political challenge and remain in office, or whether he would be California’s first governor to be recalled.

welter n.杂乱，混乱的一堆 urmoil; bewildering jumble. The existing welter of overlapping federal and state programs cries out for immediate reform.

wheedle v.诱骗，哄骗 cajole; coax; deceive by flattery. She knows she can wheedle almost anything she wants from her father.

whelp n.幼兽;/_!、狗 young wolf, dog, tiger, etc. This collie whelp won't do for breeding, but he’d make a fine pet.

whet v.磨快;刺激，使兴奋 sharpen; stimulate. The odors from the kitchen are whetting my appetite; I will be ravenous by the time the meal is served.

whiff n. 一阵（风、气味等），略微痕迹 puff or gust (of air, scent, etc.); hint. The slightest whiff of Old Spice cologne brought memories of George to her mind.

■ whimsical adj.反复无常的，异想天开的 capricious; fanciful. In Mrs. Doubtfire, the hero is a playful, whimsical man who takes a notion to dress up as a woman so that he can look after his children, who are in the custody of his ex-wife, whimsy, n.

whinny v.马嘶；嘶叫 neigh like a horse. When he laughed through his nose, it sounded as if he whinnied.

whittle v.切削，削减 pare; cut off bits. As a present for Aunt Polly, Tom whittled some clothespins out of a chunk of wood.

willful adj.故意的 * 固执的，任性的 intentional; headstrong. Donald had planned to kill his wife for months; clearly, her death was a case of deliberate, willful murder, not a crime of passion committed by a hasty, willful youth unable to foresee the consequences of his deeds.

wily adj.老谋深算的，狡猾的 cunning; artful. If coyotes are supposed to be such sneaky, wily creatures, how does Road Runner always manage to outwit Wile E. Coyote?

wince v.畏缩；退避 shrink back; flinch. The screech of the chalk on the blackboard made her wince.

windfall n.意夕卜的收获 unexpected lucky event. This huge tax refund is quite a windfall.
winnow v.筛掉（米糠等）；辨别，甄别 sift; separate good parts from bad. This test will winnow out the students who study from those who don't bother.

winsome adj.使人愉快的，迷人的 agreeable; gracious; engaging. By her winsome manner, she made herself liked by everyone who met her.

wispy adj.纤细的，脆弱的，细微的 thin; slight; barely discernible. Worried about preserving his few wispy tufts of hair, Walter carefully massaged his scalp and applied hair restorer every night.

wistful adj.渴望的;愁闷的 vaguely longing; sadly thoughtful. With a last wistful glance at the happy couples 'dancing in the hall, Sue headed back to her room to study for her exam.

withdrawn adj.性格内向的；冷淡的，疏远的introverted; remote. Rebuffed by his colleagues, the initially outgoing young researcher became increasingly withdrawn.

wither v.枯萎，衰退 shrivel; decay. Cut flowers are beautiful for a day, but all too soon they wither.

withhold v.拒给，保留 refuse to give; hold back. The tenants decided to withhold a portion of the rent until the landlord kept his promise to renovate the building.

withstand v.抵挡，经受住 stand up against; successfully resist. If you can withstand all the peer pressure in high school to cut classes and goof off, you should survive college just fine.

witless adj.无知的，愚蠢的 foolish; idiotic. If 巳eavis is a half-wit, then Butthead is totally witless.

• witticism n.妙语，俏皮话 witty saying; wisecrack. I don't mean any criticism, but that last witticism totally hurt my feelings.

wizardry n.法术，巫术，魔力 sorcery; magic. Merlin the Magician amazed the knights with his wizardry.

woe n.悲痛，悲哀，不幸，灾难 deep, inconsolable grief; affliction; suffering. Pale and wan with grief, Wanda was bowed down beneath the burden of her woes.

worldly adj.世间的，尘世的 engrossed in matters of this earth; not spiritual. You must leave your worldly goods behind you when you go to meet your Maker.

wrath n.愤怒，愤慨 anger; fury. She turned to him, full of wrath, and said, "What makes you think I'll accept lower pay for this job than you get?"

wrench v.扭拉：扭转 pull; strain; twist. She wrenched free of her attacker and landed a powerful kick to his kneecap.

writhe v.扭曲，翻腾 twist in coils; contort in pain. In Dances with Snakes, the snake dancer wriggled sinuously as her boa constrictor writhed around her torso.

wry adj.扭曲的,嘲弄的 twisted; with a humorous twist. We enjoy Dorothy Parker's verse for its wry wit.

xenophobia n.仇外者，惧外者 fear or hatred of foreigners. Xenophobia is directed against foreign people, not necessarily against foreign products: even xenophobes patronize Chinese restaurants and buy Japanese TVs.

yen n.瘾$ 渴望 longing; urge. She had a yen to get away and live on her own for a while.

yield v.投降，屈服 give in; surrender. The wounded knight refused to yield to his foe.

yield n.产量，收成：收益 amount produced; crop; income on investment. An experienced farmer can estimate

the annual yield of his acres with surprising accuracy, also v.

yoke v.结合，连接 join together, unite. I don't wish to be yoked to him in marriage, as if we were cattle pulling a plow, also n.

yore n.往昔，昔日 time past. He dreamed of the elegant homes of yore, but gave no thought to their inelegant plumbing.

zany adj.滑稽的，愚蠢的 crazy; comic. I can watch the Marx brothers’ zany antics for hours.

zeal n.热心，热情，热诚 eager enthusiasm. Katya's zeal was contagious; soon all her fellow students were busily mak-
ing posters, inspired by her ardent enthusiasm for the cause, zealous, adj.

■ zealot n.狂热者 fanatic; person who shows excessive zeal. Though Glenn was devout, he was no zealot, he never tried to force his beliefs on his friends.

zenith n.天顶，顶点 point directly overhead in the sky; summit. When the sun was at its zenith, the glare was not as strong as at sunrise and sunset.

zephyr n.和风,西风 gentle breeze; west wind. When these zephyrs blow, it is good to be in an open boat under a full sail.

